Ah, madam, I know you, and I see now your beauty.
You are throwing away all you have already won.
You must confront him, and expose him.
Oh, answered the girl, I have no patience with you.
Fame is a shameless huzzy, you know.
You see, my dear, I've been to Africa too.
They'd ought to a b'en stooed long ago.
I like em cooked down an strained to a jell.
I don't see what ails them groc'rymen!
Got a present for your mother yet, Emarine?
She might just as well get ust to t first as last.
I don't see s he looks so turrable.
Oh, you'd ought to talk about my turnin her put!
Wa'n't that what I turned her out fer?
No, he didn't go to Peterson's--he's gawn right on.
You never will learn any gumption!
Why don't you look what you're about?
I never see childern like her'n.
It's offul kind o yuh to think of t.
CAINE WROTE MOST OF THE MANXMAN.
CAINE OCCUPIED.] FIRST WRITINGS FOR THE PUBLIC.
I then labor like mad in getting knowledge.
I have no relation I want to bother.
Yes, but what if they aren't your kind?
But I got the best of her last year.
No, but your eyes and cheeks did.
We suspected he didn't wear no pants durin service.
You ought to have seen her face.
I guess you better, and have it over with.
Drop in and see mother some day.
But that attack didn't last long.
What do I care about my ancestors!
It doesn't make no difference to me.
she'd just die of loneliness up here.
But I like her goin better than comin.
You go on with what you call your sewin.
The vestry are a lot of---- Sh!
I'd like awful well to have you.
Every man has his blue days, you know.
Visitin is no joke, I tell you.
Do you know, you seem to me a bit illogical?
The strongest argument is often the biggest lie.
It's simply a question of babies, now or never.
Ma's gettin after the Fletcher twins for you.
I just hate babies, and--and everything!
Tell em you don't know a blessed thing about it.
Do for mercy sake wash the end of your nose.
Well, you certainly do beat the Dutch.
Do you want to spoil my nervous system?
And after his t-treating me s-s-so!
Are you exaggerating just the least bit?
That's because you are a man, Hepsey retorted.
I never was more serious in my life.
It wouldn't take long to work up to the point.
Hepsey's not a little thing to be playin with.
The one you let me take, with the Indians in it.
Don't you ever get lonesome yourself, Hepsey?
Haven't you ever suspected nothin?
You'll hurt my trade if you stay here any longer.
No, Silas; you're wrong as usual.
You just get out of here, he threatened.
You aint goin to live there, are you?
I shall not budge from this tent until I see fit.
Don't waste any sympathy on me, sir.
Then get out of this place and stay out.
Why, it's the worst lookin thing I ever saw.
Does it look gray-like to you, Hepsey?
I'll get even with her for this.
And what's that, I'd like to know?
Whatever's come over you to make you so masterful.
You are worn out and you need your rest.
Bascom fumed, his temper out of control.
I will not converse with you any more.
Are you _lookin'_ for a situation?
I want your help, not ridicule and abuse.
Maybe he was makin love to the sofa.
That's why you and others take advantage of them.
What is the matter with you, anyway?
What's the use of tryin to mix each other up?
Your friend, MARION ANDERSON BASCOM.
We've come to a crisis, and I'm goin to meet it.
I haven't touched a drop since, and I never will.
Well he's a skinflint for fair!
The burden of proof is too much for them.
The world and man no longer exist for him.
This could only be construed as a crime.
My physical personality is a creation of this ego.
God is not existent, but nature exists.
The still immature divine child is torn in pieces.
Love is Aphrodite, and strife is Neikos.
She spread sterility over the earth.
An immeasurable abyss is yawning before thee.
To him man's lower powers are able to attain.
You have catched a cold, gammer?
Here is one going to wash the tripes.
Give me a synonymon for a gammon of bacon.
now, boys, hither, some drink, some drink.
I have the word of the gospel in my mouth, Sitio.
There I catch you, I awake you.
Courage, comrade, up thy heart, billy!
And it is more white than anything else.
By my faith, I will cut it then.
Madam, do you cut little children's things?
No, said Grangousier, but to wipe our tail.
Hem, hashchehhawksash, qzrchremhemhash.
Unlucky traitors, you are not worth the hanging.
I know it well enough; halt not before the lame.
I have practised wickedness with you.
God grant you may always prosper.
said Tripet, this fellow gibes and flouts us?
I am, said Gymnast, a poor devil (pauvre diable).
Give me some, child, to gargle my throat withal.
This wine is none of the worst.
But now, hither come, some drink, some drink here!
Let them come, let them come, if they dare.
To make a nun of, said Gargantua.
Your salary is at the gibbet-foot: Go drink there!
I dilige and redame my proxims.
Haw, my thropple, the bean of my cragg is bruck!
to the devil with this turnip-eater, as he stinks!
The Churning Ballock of the Valiant.
Majoris de modo faciendi puddinos.
The Muttering of Pitiful Wretches.
The Juglingatorium of Sophisters.
The Mirror of Baseness, by Radnecu Waldenses.
Do you understand none of this?
It is I, said my Lord Kissbreech.
Be covered, Kissbreech, said Pantagruel.
But God punished me well for it.
Is any man so learned as the devils are?
God reward you for it eternally!
Whereunto the lady answered, Go, villain, go.
The devil take him that will do so.
For God's sake, take you no care for that.
So did Pantagruel, and called them pigmies.
Leave off, therefore, crying, and help me.
Giglan and Govian (Gauvin) were poor swineherds.
John of Paris was a greaser of boots.
Arthur of Britain, an ungreaser of caps.
Go to, begin and cry, Do you lack any green sauce?
I answered him, Out of your mouth, my lord.
In your throat, my lord, said I. Ha, ha!
This is my decree, my statute and ordinance.
O people of that world most happy!
Marry then, in the name of God, quoth Pantagruel.
Thy life decays, and old age weighs thee down.
And would you know what I would do unto him?
A cuckold you will be, beaten and robbed.
Amen, Amen, Fiat, fiatur, ad differentiam papae.
not to sup at all, that is the devil.
When her name you write, you blot.
O the cozening prattler that he is!
The chamber is already full of devils.
Get you hence; I will not go thither.
Come hither, my ballocket, and hearken.
By the worthy wrath of God, I begin to be angry.
Will you have another draught of white hippocras?
The devil take me if I do not believe it!
Stercus et urina medici sunt prandia prima.
Deficiente pecu, deficit omne, nia.
Affectum dantis pensat censura tonantis.
Dantes custodit, non dantes spernit, et odit.
He says furthermore, Beware of the monk.
Briszmarg dalgotbrick nubstzne zos.
Now guess, friend Epistemon, what this is.
Reason opposeth, and nature is repugnant.
Good people, God save and keep you!
You have a rare memory, for aught I see!
Do you think the fellow was bashful?
This is to wish with a vengeance!
have you not talked long enough to drink?
Your most dutiful son and servant, Pantagruel.
Oh, what a mighty sheep-merchant you are!
You are going to Lanternland, they say.
Now what do you think on't, neighbour, my friend?
I am not yet so much a fool neither.
Why monks love to be in kitchens.
Here, take these steel gauntlets, covered with kid.
Serve me well, and I will remember you.
Do you call this children's play?
This wave will sweep us away, blessed Saviour!
I conskite myself for mere madness and fear.
Bou, bou, bou, bou, Otto to to to to ti.
This is hastening to the devil as fast as it can.
On this side, in the devil's name, hay--so, my boy.
I die in charity with all the world.
Nevertheless, you offend, my sweet friend.
He dotes, he raves, the poor devil!
Bou, bou, bou, bous, bous, bous.
Haul your after-mizen bowlines.
Is it time for us to drink now?
Children, do you want me still in anything?
Can these same heroes or demigods you talk of die?
Let's go back and hack the villain to pieces.
Shrovetide's outward parts anatomized.
The perineum, like a flageolet.
His nostrils, like a forehead cloth.
with oil, alias caules amb'olif.
I will send him a challenge immediately.
here tis; I'll go hide myself below.
Go to the bar, go take the pettifoggers.
They are Chitterlings, replied Xenomanes.
Let us go fight yonder fornicating Chitterlings!
what good would it not do my Oedipodic leg.
miserably poor, and under the yoke of the Papimen.
as a sign of manifest contempt and derision.
Mark, an effect of heavenly wrath and vengeance!
You love mutton, I see; you will run at sheep.
His command is called, Do this or die.
Roast capons, basted Fawns, deer.
sort of mushrooms Fry of tunny.
Murenes, a sort of Fausens, and grigs.
Tis Hibernian saffron, I protest.
I'faith, I begin to smell you out.
Some stood up for this pope-hawk, some for t'other.
But pray what countrymen are you?
Would I had the luck to fare like you!
Pope-hawk will pardon thee all this.
Would you know what tis, gamesters?
Quatre-deuce, Tom; The deuce take it!
Here silly geese are plucked, yet cackle not.
I'll give thee out for a rank heretic.
There's sauce for them; ariston men udor.
May I never be hanged if twas not a comical sight.
You'll never find these to jar, that you won't.
O Tuesdays, clapperclawing one another.
O Wednesdays, sniting and fly-flapping.
O Thursdays, worming and pumping.
Till what time do the doxies sit up?
Would you have them vault or wriggle more?
God send fools more wit and us more money!
By Pluto, they'll bepaw and conskite us all.
Stark staring mad, or bewitched, o my word!
Then we are all peppered, or the devil pepper me.
And join with Thee true Men to keep the Flock.
Another English cheer for the goddess Fortune!
Do this; and you and your money will be safe.
he-- I swear to you, Monsieur le Garcon, he is.
That's my favorite enemy, Dunball.
The scoundrel actually had the audacity-- Aha!
Observe the expression, will you?
I defy you to prove it's a Story!
_Grand Dieu!_ why he has done nothing!
What a beautiful, innocent, pure face!
Adieu, Monsieur Guillaume, and!
I decline to hear another word.
repeated Lomaque, sarcastically.
Your original letter is burned.
The devil seize the Aristocrats!
You forget that servants and masters are equal now.
Look at me as you please--your looks won't move me.
You--and blackguard back in your teeth!
You, in denouncing her brother!
I resist the arrest, cried Danville.
Pluck up your spirits, citoyenne!
Have you heard the evidence, prisoners?
Now, prisoner Trudaine, I invite you to proceed.
Strange, in a man like me, isn't it?
Come to the door, I say, and don't interrupt me!
I am ending a bad, base life harmlessly at last.
I might have hurt her, poor thing!
I know enough of you to know that.
Are your wits failing you, you old fool?
Now then, Black Eyes, what's the matter?
Can't you look him in the face?
Your sister is free, Lomaque answers.
and what a remarkable religion yours must be!
Are they learned men, your priests?
You are as safe here as anywhere.
Do you see them, grandson Gabriel?
let me come out and be with you!
Don't let him look at me in that way!
Don't let him come near me, Gabriel!
Is that what you're whispering and trembling about?
Would you rather I had died than the old man there?
But last night, if he spoke the truth-- The truth!
An innocent man and a spy are bad company.
Go and denounce me, you Judas in disguise!
I don't care for your secret or for you.
You can go to your mother in the next room.
Don't forget my message, darling.
I always said she was a good girl.
Do just what I tell you, and do no more.
Compose yourself to hear the worst.
Get me my thirty girls, or lose your place.
You don't look as if you were very rich, child.
Welcome back to the world, Count Fabio!
he began, gayly, then suddenly checked himself.
I prefer trying to lose her in the crowd.
When the mask was removed I saw her face.
Does Marta Angrisani, the sick-nurse, live here?
Now, Signor Andrea, I am ready for you.
I don't wish to threaten--but money I must have.
And now, what I did by you, you do by me.
you are leaving the bag of scudi behind you.
I have not half done with my partner yet.
There was a priest mixed up in it, was there not?
Here some interesting badgering.
Might not the kissing be done through a medium?
Spherically yours, SIR JOSEPH BARLEY.
Do you think these people voluntary impostors?
Too big a broomstick for such a little witch!
Has your little nun taken the black veil?
She is the Grand Unapproachable.
What has that _contrabandista_ been saying to you?
For the right of being a free man myself!
for the right to do as I have the mind!
SEVEN WEEKS IN THE GREAT YO-SEMITE.
King was to have joined us in our Yo-Semite trip.
Human nature is above all things--lazy.
Human nature is always the same.
Let them stay where they were born.
What would you do with the blacks?
Tullia had lived and sinned, just like Messallina.
Oh, my orange and purple garter-belt!
But I don't remember you givin me one.
Of course--Bag Ears--leave us be chummy.
I'd think-- I put my hand firmly over her mouth.
The situation was definitely obnoxious to me.
This mob is loaded wid hardware.
Maybe your mom didn't give you the facts of life!
Chum, they's two really tough monkeys in this town.
Thick moans came from his lips.
Eat like a man or go back to the zoo!
Stand still and don't move a finger!
His trigger finger turned white at the knuckle.
I came here to mow down Zinsky and his mob.
At that exact moment, Cement Mixer Zinsky exploded.
I'll tell you kids what I'd do.
And now this lady-- Turn it off, Joy snapped.
And by a cop yet, Bag Ears marveled.
Are you going to hang one on him, sweetheart?
Where did you learn to talk like that?
This weird slaughter must cease!
What if a guy doesn't have to swallow it--?
You lie as easily as you undress.
He doesn't want you bothering him.
Talk, or I'll put real pressure on this scissors!
You haven't lived until you've tasted my elixir.
He grinned and reached for her.
Bag Ears isn't referring to you, dear.
Your quotation was wrong, sweetheart, I said.
You'll need some things in jail.
You must stay here and face the music.
Joy said, Oh, my painted G-string!
And don't stay too long, darling.
I'm sure Cora is anxious to get her clothes off.
Also, I wanted to get back at your Aunt Gretchen.
Maybe the yogis are, but I'm not.
I lose all self-control when I do.
I hate them so it makes me quite ill....
* * * * * Say, these women here get my goat.
They just pester the life out of you there.
A feller has to be mighty careful, they say.
They say the Boches came over last night.
God, these French nights are cold!
They were yelling at some gendarmes.
We fight the enemy but we hate the gendarmes.
All right, fellers, put on your masks.
Oh, Randy, why do they enjoy hatred so?
as the lady said when she kissed the cow.
You think about saving your skin.
Men swore in their sleep and turned over heavily.
I'll smoke em all up if you don't come.
He whispered in Martin's ear: He's crazy.
Guess they don't like me playin.
But, Tom, she's with a French officer.
They're fighting like cats and dogs.
Come drink to the Entente Cordiale....
He's telling about a German atrocity.
I'll chuck myself into the river soon.
Good-bye, little girl, if you must go.
I tell you, fellers, there's goin to be an attack.
Ole 410 evidently woke em up some.
Look, Tom, this is foolish; the abri's right here.
A mask, in the name of God, a mask!
His lips had a wet, decomposed feeling.
No, sit still and don't get excited.
You're the one's getting excited.
The more you see the worse it is.
Sacred name of a pig, that one was close....
But you are an Alsatian; you don't care.
There'll be wine and lots of little girls.
I only had to use my bayonet once.
So many poor devils need boots.
I was up all last night with dysentery.
Then he dragged me into the crowd.
Ha, here's a copain come to die with us, he cried.
You'd better stay and die with us.
Oh, we're all dupes, we're all dupes.
America, as you know, is ruled by the press.
But you are both violent, my children.
That is, feebleness, cowardice.
You say that people are sheep; they must be driven.
We are too weak and too cowardly ...
Think of the great men martyred.
That is the central evil of the world....
Because we have not the courage....
You aren't going to do this yourself, are you?
It's too important to fool with.
Moreover I am a champion Tea Drinker.
She's the biggest swell in town.
She is so prejudiced, and blind to my faults.
I'll beat you to a stand-still.
It's more than terrible, it's rotten.
They were, after all, foreigners.
The French are the acutest people in the world.
And mark you, he added, no dogs!
People must eat, war or no war.
I have no one to lose in this terrible war!
Every man's place is in the trenches.
But these outrages are almost too mild to mention.
He sleeps in a hut infested with rats.
In fact nearly all nurses are pretty.
Become some rich and ignorant man's secretary?
She promised, but no woman in France is busier.
Blanc than to change these rules and regulations.
A crowned King am I in the land whence I come.
And this will be punishment enough.
{Picture: p60.jpg} MANAWYDDAN THE SON OF LLYR.
As it ought, so shall it be hanged.
Hanging a thief that I caught robbing me, said he.
My memory in guarding is better than thine.
And this is the very least that I will accept.
And thus was Gronw Pebyr slain.
And he threw the plague to the earth.
It will cause consternation Wherever God willeth.
It is good, it is bad, It is extremely injurious.
Avaunt, ye bards above, Avaunt, ye bards below!
SNUG HARBOR; OR, THE CHAMPLAIN MECHANICS.
STEM TO STERN; OR, BUILDING THE BOAT.
These onions are not half done, boy!
Don't tell me that, you young rascal!
If he fired at you, of course he meant to hit you.
You and he seem to be fooling with each other.
A BRILLIANT SCHEME MADE POSSIBLE.
Major Billcord spoiled my dinner.
Don't talk so, my boy, added his new friend.
Take it, Dory, for my sake, if not for your own.
He knew I wanted her, if you did not.
You are selling us too cheap, Dory.
Does she make a regular thing of it?
Of course he will catch you, added Thad.
Why is it so much the better, Dory?
But she will come up every time she goes down.
This is awful, Dory, said Thad.
Dory directed Nat to keep pumping.
She has not got off yet, replied Corny.
I am very clear what she means to do.
Can't you see it with your eyes shut?
I want to see if she can get off.
They may work her off if they manage it well.
Dory isn't that kind of a fellow.
I suppose you don't, added Corny with a sneer.
Do you believe I am a thief, Corny?
Well, I have had enough of this thing.
Shut up, Corn Minkfield, or I'll smash your head!
What are you going to do, Corny?
I can get you off, and make it all right with you.
Are you the boy that bought her?
In fact, we want him more than we want you.
I can't arrest Pearl over here.
PEARL HAWLINSHED RESORTS TO VIOLENCE.
Keep off, Dory, if you know when you are well off!
You keep the cuddy locked, do you, Dory?
She works very well indeed, Dory Dornwood.
What have you been doing to her?
PEPPERS FINDS THE TABLES TURNED.
Then you can't do any thing at all.
Yes: and all night if you don't behave yourself.
You wouldn't do such a thing as that.
Dry up, and shut up, all of you!
What are you about, you young cub?
What have you got cooped up in that cuddy?
Why don't you come out if you wish to do so?
This is an outrage, Captain Gildrock!
Theodore, you will go in my boat.
DORY DORNWOOD MANOEUVRES TO ESCAPE.
Your uncle wants you, and he won't do you any harm.
CAPTAIN GILDROCK HAS DECIDED OBJECTIONS.
It wasn't my fault that I was turned off.
CAPTAIN GILDROCK DILATES UPON HIS NOTABLE SCHEME.
He treats us fellows like lords.
I don't want any sons of rich men.
she inquired, and she smiled tauntingly.
Did any one ever accuse you of staring, Mr. Grimm?
F--F--F, the fan was calling insistently.
Keep on blaying, you tam fools!
Why did you slam the door in the girl's face?
If you were any one else _but_ you!
If I am arrested I can't help it.
And now, please, am I to be arrested?
With that we control the world!
Shall I send an attorney to you?
But, Senor--Senor, you are mistaken!
It's--it's--you have proved nothing.
You have the gold; don't destroy her.
Madame Boissegur is frantic, prostrated!
You wouldn't live three minutes.
These men will remain here until I return.
I have come to demand his release.
He tapped on the desk with the revolver.
Better send some of your men up to investigate.
Are you going to take me back to prison?
I mean handcuff you, Mr. Grimm added gratuitously.
Or better yet, he went on after a moment, burn it.
I am waiting for you to burn it.
At three that mine will explode.
In the name of your sovereign--_must_!
I will not permit you to disappoint me now.
Ignominy is the reward of failure.
I have always won, you know, until now.
Their life and action were treason.
I am sinking into apathy, forsooth!
It was a look of unmitigated desire.
There are swarms of children here all day long.
They flirt like grown-up people!
She don't like it,--but I _must_ correct her!
And I want to see your black marble legs, please!
I _will_ not be the wreck I am!
My rebellious members are brought into subjection!
When I am a vigorous man, will you care for me?
I felt thrilling all over me what they were to me!
But, O great Heavens, I repel it!
[To be continued.] THE CATACOMBS OF ROME.
One is in the church of the SS.
All I look on either way, Mother, mother!
MATTHEW SHARPIN TO CHIEF INSPECTOR THEAKSTONE.
FROM CHIEF INSPECTOR THEAKSTONE TO MR.
He is a married man, but has no family.
FROM CHIEF INSPECTOR THEAKSTONE TO SERGEANT BULMER.
FROM SERGEANT BULMER TO CHIEF INSPECTOR THEAKSTONE.
I hate little toad-eating cities.
LES SOCIETES POLYPHYSIOPHILOSOPHIQUES.
Je ne suis pas fossil, moi,--je respire encore!
Ce mot est pour lui ce que l'Om est aux Hindous.
C'est sa religion; il n'y a rien audela.
We use it for a while with pleasure.
Boys in the back-ground, more or less quiet.
Listen, then, and you shall hear WHAT WE ALL THINK.
Southwell is, if possible, worse.
And you won't have, Durval snapped.
Useless rage flooded his chest.
There's the pit, Mister Jerill.
We just dug that claimer in ourselves.
Now suppose you people jet out of here.
He swung the blaster up in a single smooth motion.
Randell's voice purred in their ears.
Are you poor little men getting tired?
There you are, he said to Scott.
With cells of 80% pure uranium waiting for them.
Call your men out of the pits, Jerill.
Static blasted shrilly in their ears.
But I'm afraid the pleasure is over.
Prepare full battle equipment....
Don't go getting yourself hurt now, Scott.
This is a criminal offense, Jerill.
Keep away from that, Scott snarled.
Have you ever seen a man die of a blaster bolt?
I'll have you round my little finger in two twos.
I could have crushed him, but I was ignorant.
OH, ROBERT, THE GROUSE HAS BEEN KEPT TOO LONG!
Eard the noo French Worltz, Sir?
Amphitrite, the Marvellous Floatin Goddess.
Now then, urry up there--we're all waiting for you.
Not a bad-looking girl, is she?
Wait a bit, till I've done warming my ands.
there, you've bin and turned em _out_ now, stoopid!
Now, will you kindly return to your former styte?
No--no, not that ridiklous fice!
Ave you eard from LEO VINCEY lately?
Now look here, my man, what do you expect?
And this not once, but a dozen times.
CERTAINLY DEAR, _MOST_ CERTAINLY!
I remain, Sir, yours truly, A. SOPHTE SOPER.
Yours truly, BARON DE BOOK-WORMS.
A CLUB ALMOST ENTIRELY DISAPPEARS.
Punch_, Yours, respectfully, RUSS IN URBE.
No, said AKERS-DOUGLAS, he's a Yorkshireman.
Ere that, I'll perish here, unfamed, forgotten!
If not, dote on and die, for that's thy fortune!
LOKE (in the shape of an old Finman).
by all the powers, Thy smallest hair is sacred!
for Udgaard, Loke's poison, Is on thy tongue!
I myself will fly before my fury.
To dust and ashes, boaster, it shall crush thee.
Not Loke's messenger, but Loke, stung thee.
It comes--the long-protracted day of vengeance!
Spare thy wrath my youthful warrior!
I go to dare the wrath of Balder.
They hate, they seek each other!
Excuse me my astonishment, fair war-maids!
Hail to thee dauntless warrior, bane of Gelder!
I bring to thee a spear to fight with heroes!
And this, I hand to thee, can slaughter demons!
This spear is excellent in fight with Jotuns.
soon the traitor Awaketh burning smart!
Fore Odin's self mere cowards quake.
Then I shall be wasted By ne'er-ceasing smart.
Love on and die, but of thyself be worthy!
Blunted is Surtur's spear, and Nanna wavers!
The VALKYRIER and the cavern disappear.
Hence with thy contradictions, false deceiver!
Around about me angry gods consulted.
Now unconcern'd and haughty Walks the high demigod!
can I more than pity him, poor mortal!
NANNA (whilst she recognizes BALDER).
this is more--'tis more, by Odin, Than I can bear!
I'm more than any king, oh Nanna!
to wounds, and fall, and darkness!
[He draws his sword, and runs away in madness.
Think on his oath, and-- NANNA (she releases him).
[He lifts his spear to stab himself.
BALDER (he runs directly up to NANNA).
Friend of gods and every creature!
You know you'll get scuppered if you're found out!
The Zionist Jews were arriving in droves.
These cigars are from the States.
Are you a case of Jekyll and Hyde?
The Arabs want to push it back with sword-blades.
And at that, the Jews were invaders themselves.
They're as sore as the Arabs are themselves.
Myself, I am in favor of the British.
The French pay my expenses, that is all.
We do not want to become a new Algeria.
In the first place, you are American.
He'd have canned you if you had.
But the Turks overdid it, like everything else.
All Harabs may go to ell for all o me.
You seen them yellow curs there by Lazarus tomb?
But e's a hexpert, e is, an we olds the road.
But the only miracle about that bloke's is nerve.
E turns back, an thinks I, e's goin to knife me.
E let up on me the minute e see I'd ad enough.
Thinks I, that's the last of im, an good riddance!
They have gone to raid the villages.
They say the Sikhs are after them.
Now they order me to tow them with my motor-boat.
But it cannot be done, mister, it cannot be done!
Anazeh bullied all the rest in after him.
Sikhs are not by any means all marksmen.
And an Arab boasts at the least excuse.
They weren't treacherous in the least.
You do not know this land--these folk, effendi.
I shall do what they order me, effendi.
But when I get back the Sikhs will arrest me.
Every man in the party leveled a rifle at him.
He was very angry when I refused.
Demand that he send you back, with me, in my boat!
There were two casualties on our side.
You Americans know so little of our politics.
After that I am willing to retire into oblivion.
I asked Ahmed what kind of criminal he might be.
Because they favor the Zionists.
I don't know what they hanged him for.
Did you act as well as all that?
You are the plausible excuse, that's all.
These folk are ready to explode.
No, no. Abdul Ali has got to disappear.
I guess you'll have to use yours.
Does old Anazeh know you in that disguise?
All these people are religious fanatics.
A raid is being planned into British territory.
This raid is no affair of yours.
And see here, you smelly devil: Here's money.
That son of infamies deceives himself.
Curse his religion and his bed!
Jimgrim says, Be quiet, and drink no strong drink.
They shall not interfere with you!
You are in my charge, Anazeh growled in my ear.
I will summon my men at the first excuse.
You'll get turned out of the mejlis presently.
But you can bet on old Anazeh when he's sober.
You, too, ben Hamza; don't grin; look afraid.
I am not at all afraid, Jimgrim.
Cut their heads off, then they cannot think!
Jimgrim says, See that ben Hamza gets safely away!
Dog of a Hebron tanner's son--let him die!
I have twenty men outside, he announced.
Feet upwards, too afraid to yell!
Over I went in the bight of the rope.
His nerve was a politician's, cynical, simple.
But now I play my game, Allah willing.
Besides, you cannot--you dare not imprison me!
Say that I gave you the slip in the dark!
You were trying to bring off a raid on Judaea.
I shall claim exemplary damages!
I demand apology and satisfaction!
I see you've lost a little skin yourself.
I notice you have been bruised, too.
Perhaps Emir Feisal might detain you.
They intend to get Damascus and all Syria.
He's a French secret political agent.
They propose to have us silence him.
I haven't seen you for a long time, Major Grim.
But I would not like him to hang me!
You laugh at me--you jest--you mock--you sneer.
You couldn't understand a word of it.
Then you think superficially, my young friend.
The Turks were beautifully corrupt.
There's just one thing you can't do, and succeed.
You can't talk enough Arabic to get away with.
I take my orders straight from the Administrator.
You want me to white-wash Catesby?
You can get behind that screen if you like.
That's a soldier devoid of nonsense.
Remember, Grim, I'm responsible for all you do.
That will oblige the British to protect the Jews.
The Administrator has his nerve, I said.
Has he threatened to crucify you?
Deny the story, and keep on denying it.
But that won't be the fault of you Zionists.
I don't blame the Arabs for not liking you.
But I can promise you there'll be no pogrom.
sneered Eisernstein, getting up to go.
Talk of fiddling while Rome burns!
The nearer mad you seem to be, the safer you are.
You know Cosmopolitan Oil Davey, of course?
Some of them still wore Turkish uniforms.
And there was Police Constable Bedreddin Shah.
The Administration suspects him already.
You are good for propaganda, that is all!
I know what your business was before you came here.
Tell him to hand over that letter!
So I went stark, raving mad that minute.
No more business today, Yussuf.
Not indefinitely, my dear captain!
I leave for Damascus at dawn, he said cynically.
Chapter Fifteen I'll have nothing to do with it!
There is no train for Damascus at dawn tomorrow.
Why, of high explosive, what else?
You would hurry to Damascus, wouldn't you?
Sensational--very, Grim admitted.
I don't want that fellow interfered with.
Wish you'd give orders they're to be left alone.
Refer them to your wife, Davey.
They'll blame the attempt on the Jews.
[*Women] All right then, Grim announced at last.
D'you know where to find your mother?
That's where Suliman's mother came in handy.
said Goodenough, staring at me through his monocle.
The other will stay to keep an eye on you.
Instead, he turned on the two spies.
He tongue-lashed them in Arabic.
If so, this is sanctuary, Jimgrim.
Perhaps he can smell a Zionist--eh?
You have my leave to depart at once, Jimgrim!
After the ruin-- There will be no ruin, Jimgrim!
In the name of God, what shall I answer!
I will tell him to go to jahannam!
The Moslems are fanatical on that point.
Now beat it, while the going's good.
Haven't you had enough of this?
Moslems couldn't be trusted not to talk.
You acted pretty poorly, if you ask me.
I suppose you're another of Grim's favorites.
Burgled your bedroom, he explained.
You'd better keep going for some time, Turner.
But I think I could hit him from the road below.
D'you hear that, Narayan Singh?
They'll touch it off before we can prevent them.
He promised to bring explosives.
We've one chance left to bag that buzzard.
Chapter Twenty All men are equal in the dark.
Religious places have been desecrated.
That man Grim has been corrupted by them!
Or would you rather hang like a common scoundrel?
Do you think you deserve to live, Major Jimgrim?
I heard him shift his position.
You and I will have a duel presently.
He's rigged out like a lunatic, isn't he?
And I am mad to claim you as my own.
You wouldn't understand them, or they you.
Ach, Gott, mother, I love her SO!
You're always in the way--no wonder I HATE you!
Can you do nothing but gape and mutter?
Where did you find this crazy fellow?
What good is money to a brute like him?
You don't know him--he'll be crazy--just crazy!
What lunatic is this you've got here, daughter?
He made me do it, pa, she whined.
Feuerstein became a sickly white.
I won't come up to her till you leave her.
You're a frightful fakir and liar, Feuerstein.
I'm nothing if not a good hater.
And now hustle yourself, my boy.
I know lawyers--they're all thieves.
Of course, he continued, I had to know your limit.
I must take my dark shadow from your young life.
Ah, God, whenever was there man so wretched as I?
No wonder she looks so disturbed.
the young man replied contemptuously.
Be quick, he said, and no foolishness!
And I want you to stop flirting with my husband!
You haven't got any right to his picture.
Look at her standing there hugging his picture.
I sent my daughter to warn you.
I don't know why you've come here to slander him.
You're as big a fool as my Lena, he said.
His tone was abrupt, irritated.
Oh, God, let me die, she moaned.
That scoundrel--he's a bigamist.
It's none of your business what I do outside.
I'll expose you, if you don't settle now.
I'm not as big a fool as I look, he said.
If anything come out, I expose you.
Not a cent--nothing but insults.
Feuerstein made a miserable attempt at haughtiness.
You're played out in this town.
Why am I persecuted--I, poor, friendless, helpless?
Feuerstein was a cheat, a traitor.
You might--any man might--throw it up to me.
It was hard enough for you before.
You're not so sly as you think, they said.
You can't back out now, she ended.
I don't care to hear any more of that kind of talk.
She will gladly die with me, he muttered.
he demanded, facing the detectives.
Now, will she go quietly or shall I call the wagon?
You're not poor and friendless.
commanded Otto, beside himself with rage.
He pushed her roughly into the room.
Any fool could see that, retorted Hanlon.
Don't you meddle in this, he said threateningly.
These fellows will twist everything you say.
You'll have to go now, child, she said.
And he make luny talk I don't understand.
I can live no longer with dignity.
The Iroquois became more and more menacing.
The French lost their opportunity.
Brittany and Bretons, 11, 12, 15, 16, 22, 38.
-- Fort, 224, 230, 237, 238, 284.
Florida, 14, 38, 39, 80, 168, 327.
-- Creek, 151, 229, 231, 286, 293.
Fundy, Bay of, 41, 42, 171, 221.
-- II, 194, 205, 210, 225, 325.
-- Lord, 268, 271, 278, 280, 281, 287, 289.
Jesuits, the, 34, 42, 70-2, 82-91, 151, 152, 155.
Mexico, 17, 155, 157, 164, 165, 168.
-- River, 51, 90, 151, 157, 196, 294.
Tadoussac, 40, 50, 65, 69, 75, 93.
ERKENWALD BEHIND THE HIGH ALTAR.
They are respectable and nothing more.
Smith and executed by Rossi.) 34.
CHISWICK PRESS: CHARLES WHITTINGHAM AND CO.
Sick men travel for health, but you are well.
net._ _Now Ready._ ALMA TADEMA.
MOTLEY'S RISE OF THE DUTCH REPUBLIC.
net; limp leather, cut flush, 2s.
and a few other ordinary muckers on it.
But that is no real excuse for insulting me.
He advanced, his fists clenched.
Then drive that fellow away from here!
But Officer Hemingway pushed Dodge back forcefully.
You didn't learn anything, did you?
We wouldn't play the muckers, would we?
I'll make them ashamed of themselves.
Goodbye, Dave, and look out for yourself.
No, I won't, either, he muttered.
The police prisoners were still in the second car.
yelled Bayliss, his face violet with rage.
Nor was this done with any gentle force, either.
Stop this riot, young gentlemen!
That fellow ought to be tarred and feathered!
Why don't you suggest it to the soreheads?
He asked me if I belonged to the sorehead gang.
It's a piece of anarchy---that's what it is!
7. Work hard and control your temper and tongue.
Every night, to the minute, we're in bed.
Mr. Morton knows what he's doing.
Won't you please excuse us, boys?
That big mountain of flesh swayed, then toppled.
Why do fellows like that need an education?
But that is your own fault, Bayliss.
Don't insult me with your opinions fellow!
You know you are not telling the truth!
Oh, this is infamous---or crazy!
I----- You go, Dave---you must!
Answer me dot vun, dumm-gesicht!
Und dot train going by a mile a minute, I bet you!
I see you through by dis business.
Then they'll all feel like roasting us.
Buck the simple Gridley youths.
Don't any of you dare to get fresh with me!
Oh, you're going to play welsher, are you?
By morning you'll be a full-fledged mucker!
No, retorted Dave very quickly.
You are both of you cut out for the military life.
Wait until we get the rope uncoiled, called Greg.
She looked lifeless, as she lay there.
Toss down the rope and I'll use my own muscles.
For goodness sake come out of your daze!
Do you think yourself that Drayne is fit?
Just say you're no good and let it go at that.
quivered the victim of the remarks.
Dot's all right, too, retorted the German.
HELEN THURWELL ASKS A DIRECT QUESTION XV.
All the same, I detest Mr. Chapman.
I have reached the limit of my endurance!
He--oh, bother Mr. Brown, here they come!
He must have died within a few seconds!
You would fear annihilation less?
Let me walk to the end of the plantation with you.
It is like a spiritual narcotic.
And, first, please to light a cigarette.
People never do care for one another.
Girl, I wonder that you do not die of shame!
Let him hear what I have to say, and deny it.
Seems he's found her, so that's off.
Look at the company I keep, too.
Only his bankers and his lawyers.
What do you think of that, guv'nor, eh?
Your face seems quite familiar to me.
I've got you now, he said triumphantly.
he said in a low tone, and I will take you to her.
You've got him under your thumb, eh?
The rope's already woven that'll go round his neck.
Such a crime would not go undetected a day there.
Then why the devil don't you take her with you?
And if I did mean her, sir, what is that to you?
Why don't you escape while you have the chance?
I will not detain you any longer.
Do light a cigarette, Mr. Maddison.
I'll make your excuses to my aunt.
Not I. I'm going with him, dad.
There's no one can beat you at that, you know, dad.
You've got that fifty-pound note, you know.
When I come back, I'll make you open your eyes.
You think this thing played out, do you?
What have you been doing to yourself, child?
Has anyone been making love to you?
My dear child, have you taken leave of your senses?
I have been punished--punished severely.
If he's a wise fellow, he'll keep away from here.
At any rate I am knocked up, and I want a rest.
Why do you stand there looking so fierce?
Yes, with your lover, I presume.
You are bringing shame upon my name.
You have no right to keep me here.
What have I---- Go to your lover!
Tell him that your husband is no longer your tool.
For several weary years you have made me miserable.
It gave me a regular turn just to look at her.
And now, dad, the most provoking things happened.
He wanted me gone, so off I skedaddled.
Of necessity she must be miserable.
Listen, my love--listen, and hate me!
Sir Allan, I am boring you, I fear.
As to his defending himself, that was all nonsense.
I wonder what or where his people are?
he remarked laconically; he's on the rampage.
The Lord have mercy upon you for this your crime!
I will not see him, be his business what it may.
Signorina, the brute, the brute!
He dared to lay his hands upon me.
I will not speak with you or know your business.
I will have no communication with you.
A finite life, with a finite goal--annihilation!
I want you to come with me to--D--n!
Hi, hansom, Scotland Yard, and drive like blazes!
I taunted her with her infidelity.
I implored him to leave the country.
But sin is everlasting, its punishment eternal.
I have seen nothing so awful in all my life.
GIVE US THIS DAY OUR DAILY BREAD 48.
so very hard you rub, I never want to see my tub.
O, dear mamma, Why did you not come here?
the dusky night Is fading from the sky; Awake!
This line is one inch long |--------|.
You all know what a picture is.
It is changed into gas and smoke and ashes.
They seem to have been made to give us pleasure.
Wool, you know, grows on the sheep.
MORE ABOUT WHAT PEOPLE ARE DOING.
What kind of man would be likely to want a head?
Now you had better go and see the police, Wigan.
No, but all cheap American ones.
You are clever, Wigan, very clever.
Thank heaven that fool Tresman didn't come sooner!
Do you mean by some bibliomaniac?
Utter silence; that is imperative.
I'll have the truth out of you.
If I wanted to see her, would I send in my name?
Selfish old brute, you are saying to yourself.
I do not say it was a rope, I returned.
Well, Mr. Hastings, you may kiss her if you like.
George, you haven't kissed me yet.
You didn't stop and ask her the way?
They are likely to be severe with you.
You're wrong, all wrong, he said.
The well would be an excellent grave for him.
What is that fool doing yonder?
Don't take any notice of her, he said.
There was a pause and my hand went to my revolver.
Send a boat round for me, and inform the police.
Unfortunately for you, I know too much.
You're a lucky dog, Wigan, a very lucky dog.
Get a dozen men on to the business, if you like.
If you are right, what a villain!
That I am a rich man is my attraction for you.
I know it; you need not scruple to admit it.
Please understand that it is all you will ever get.
He does a thing his way, not yours.
He had a visitor, you see, Wigan, and a woman.
I dare say it is true what this worm says.
The mistress will go mad, that's what she'll do.
She was an animal in the form of a beautiful woman.
I had to be rude to him to get rid of him.
The Bryants wanted to have him arrested.
I don't dislike them, only when they bother me.
Bless you, sir, I don't believe in it.
The master always did hate women.
Moscioni EXAMPLE OF OPUS INCERTUM.
Resin, soot of, used to make black, 218.
Scamilli impares, 89, 155, 320.
Lifting my rifle, I took quick aim, and fired.
Does yer missus be wantin a girl?
We left India in a bag of leather.
I am told that such rudeness is not uncommon.
I was disgusted, and didn't say anything.
I'll leave it to any one if his kind of sprees pay.
I like to see you enjoy yourselves.
I take YOUNG PEOPLE, and I like it ever so much.
* * * * * LEWISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA.
My fourth is in girdle, but not in girth.
No. 2. Z P E A Z E B R A A R T A No. 3. Franklin.
I understand you now, the sly youth announced.
It wasn't needed, it wasn't needed, Cub ruled.
Will starve in few days if I don't get help.
Some joke you're trying to play.
I'll starve if I don't get help.
Keep out, I won't talk to you any more.
I am on his trail to prevent him.
Ontario's a rough lake, you know.
Maybe you think this is all a joke.
Keep out, you pirate, ordered Hal.
Cut it out, Tee-hee, the alleged lordship ordered.
You get my goat, dad, Cub declared.
Now you're getting facetious, broke in Cub.
And I bet it's too much highbrow for Cub.
You don't mean that fellow is really your cousin?
I can supply the dope right now.
Now prove yourself as big as your boast.
I am Hal Stone, and I live in Oswego, New York.
V A X, V A X, V A X, called Hal.
You spell sine, s-i-n-e, and cosine, c-o-s-i-n-e.
You'd disappear just the way the other boys did.
What're you fellers doin on our island?
he demanded, with a deepening of his scowl.
We ain't done nothin out o the way.
I defy you to commit any such act.
There are some pieces of guy-rope in the tent.
Now, we're ready, he said, addressing the prisoner.
I won't stand any more trifling from you.
You're here to make me out a liar.
You haven't got no right to keep me here.
They'll be raiding with airplanes next.
Did you lock im up in a stateroom?
Well, you're some boy, all right.
I bet you could knock a fellow silly with it.
Have you made that fellow out yet?
All right, I'm foolish, admitted Cub.
And I don't believe you, young sir.
If you want to keep your prisoner, don't stay here.
Otherwise we'll have to lock you up in a stateroom.
ACT, DECLARATION, AND TESTIMONY.
and to princes, Ye are ungodly?
Revolters are profound to make slaughter.
This is solemn trifling, profane mockery.
ii, 20, and our standards, Confess.
GLASGOW, EDINBURGH, AND DUBLIN.
Write down a million on your slate, boy.
I'm sure you are not a boating man, said he.
I mean what I say; are you deaf?
You also know what you receive for making them.
Oh, not my precious, precious baby-boy!
Take me, said Juliet, in a low, hard voice.
This ain't no Thames; I know bettor than that.
I'd like to see him and her double sculling.
Girls never can take a bit of fun.
I'm glad she is only an old, worn-out thing.
That's what we're down here for.
And that's about the best thing you can do.
You are quite set up now, my dear.
If you're not a Londoner, I'm a Dutchman.
Oh, baby, baby, our darling baby is gone!
Good-bye, and good luck to you!
mistaking _dikamaski _for _dik_!
Old Rome will win, so you had better join her.
L'opere sue non furon leonine, ma di volpe.
You hear what the young rye says?
A Scotchman finding fault with Romany, Jasper?
Do you know what I most dislike, brother?
He finds fault with Romany, forsooth!
why L---d A'mighty, what's Scotch?
You have heard of the Russians, Jasper?
Yet you frequently break the laws.
With every person's bad word, brother?
Well, brother, what's a Romany chal?
A roguish, chaffing fellow, a'n't he, brother?
You would like to get rid of us, wouldn't you?
Did you ever see the soul, brother?
What an incomprehensible people you are, Jasper.
Did you ever feel their teeth and nails, brother?
You were talking of my having her, Jasper.
Innocent thing, do you call it, brother?
I gets away as soon as possible, brother.
But if your terrible language has no effect?
What cares we for the world, brother!
Why t is advised by gypsy liri, {70} brother.
Do you think I would ever condescend to a gorgio?
You saw your husband's patteran?
And you know nothing more about patteran, brother?
Why, is he not the Lazarus of the gypsies?
Was it because they were thievish?
said I, looking her in the face.
Did you observe what a mean scrubby tail he has?
Did you ever hear of Syntax, brother?
Hir mi diblis {120} I never will.
Here's the man, said he, pointing to Tawno.
The fellow followed me with a torrent of abuse.
I am old, young chap, I am old!
Have you nothing else on your mind?
I was nearly having a fracas with this worthy.
What do you mean by smoking in my face?
That false Annette {165} has cruelly abandoned me.
said the old man, as I strove to get off the bed.
Why you hain't been here for many a long year.
Will you let me look in his mouth?
said the other to me, very coolly.
Go and trounce this scoundrel; you can, I know.
said I, in German, to the foreigner.
Tche Drak, to the Mohacs Veszedelem.
it belongs to the Mad Wallacks.
Dragon; which the Wallacks use for devil.
I never saw a Wallachian eating or silent.
They talk like madmen, and drink like madmen.
I am glad that the Turk beat the Magyar.
And for the third time I tell you, O son of Almus!
Fools, you know, always like sweet things.
What do you mean by smelling a rat?
Eljen edes csigany ur--eljen gul eray!
And the gypsies have mentioned me to you?
he is one great ignorant, that Valter.
Now stand up, and I'll make an example of you.
I wonder you are not ashamed of yourself.
Now, is that your way of doing business?
The finest country in the world!
And the people--what kind of folk are they?
You are mad, sir; you are mad; and what's this?
Lightly liar leaped away and ran.
Oh, the dear delightful German!
He died a pensioner of the Pope.
Why is there a pipe or cigar always in your mouth?
Now you look like a reasonable being!
But don't you richly deserve it?
This is the only man to send there.
The English gypsies use the loan word _foki_.
{47a} Incorrectly for _baulay_, pigs.
{47b} Better _balovas_, pigmeat.
{120} By God (Borrovian Romani).
{182b} The girl she is black, She lies on her back.
You would let them go cold; you know you would!
I would teach it to mind its own business!
Labor is its Esau, Capital its Jacob.
They are great travelers, these peasants.
To take away our wealth is to maim us.
Only to the dogs themselves does any reality exist.
And the German watchdogs cry War, War, War.
She would harm no one, but mind her own business.
The great culture peoples do not hate one another.
But still the sleepless watchdogs bark.
I much doubt if she has as good!
and you know you are being found out.
This would almost make one content to suffer.
VICTOR INTERROGATES HIS MOTHER III.
VICTOR REPAIRS HIS MOTHER'S ALTAR IX.
Why, we don't even know where he came from!
Have you read this thing, Frens?
Don't take it so hard, old man.
Just think, Gil, she's been doing all this for me!
Well, why don't you experiment with her?
Would you experiment with your own mother?
That article threatens all kinds of persecution.
I guess you're right there, old man.
But they did; you can't fool me.
The whisper answered: _Your mother is resting.
Then a flood of rage swept over him.
You've got to stop this business.
It's shameful, and I won't have it.
It made a fool of me, he responded, bitterly.
Yes, I'll go, he replied, ungraciously.
I'll stay here till you come back.
Mother is a freak, not a friend.
I will take care of your dear little mother.
I became only a case of hysteria to him.
I must do their will exactly or they punish me.
That black look is on your face this moment.
It's too unnatural and too foolish.
Not with you carrying on the business which I hate.
I will try her, I will rid her of her obsession.
I must get clear and keep clear of all this bunk.
They say they will make her wealthy as a queen.
Why do you keep this rickety old thing?
he asked, shaking it viciously.
It's your subconscious self deceiving us both.
But she considers I've already paid her.
I'll stay and fight it out right here some way.
Forget em, he answered, curtly.
He submitted, and she went to meet the intruder.
Boyden will never be an old fogy.
I can see that she isn't exactly human even to you.
She is really very fond of your mother.
I must say you do not resemble her.
I mean you are so tall and dark.
I wonder if he had your absurd pride.
Have you seen her slate-writing stunt?
Do you think my mother unconsciously cheats?
You're a college girl, mother tells me.
But it wasn't your mother's advice.
They will--if you give yourself up to them.
No, sarsaparilla is my only tipple.
I'm not joking, indeed I'm not, the girl retorted.
These Voices may be deceiving you.
Oh, mother, that's too ridiculous.
I don't mean to laugh at you, mother.
That ends the fight here, he said.
They have been a curse to you and to me, also.
I found her cold and still this morning.
She seemed all right last night when I went to bed.
Why she seemed perfectly well last night.
I found her lying cold and still this morning.
I want to say I believe in your mother.
She's gone, and I was so hard last night.
Come, Victor, why do you shrink?
Good-day, madam, he began, in a husky voice.
This is a message to you, young man.
We love you, but we must chastise you.
I'll fight it out here some way alone.
You will fail_, the voice replied.
So here I am, helpless as a blind kitten.
You're too fine for that, he answered, slowly.
Your nursing is nothing but a fad.
You need not take that superior tone with me.
You'd look splendid in harness.
You may laugh at me now, he replied, bluntly.
No doubt you've heard your mother speak of me.
But never mind--where will I find your mother?
I don't want her sitting for you.
I will not have my mother sitting for such people.
Do you call yourself an unprejudiced person?
Could it be his mother's breath?
Her loveliness is beyond anything on this earth.
Finally I turned up the light and got rid of her.
You caught a little of the madness last night.
I'll get batty in the steeple if I don't get help.
I'm sorry your tastes run in that way.
They have taken her, Miss. Taken?
I will see that your mother is protected.
I advised nothing, she retorted.
Oh, the swarms of unclean spirits in there!
Only heavenly souls inhabit here.
Then the devil broke loose, and here I am.
I feel like a beggar and a fool to be so helpless.
They say you have skipped to join Pettus.
Did Paul, or any one, advise you last night?
There I am a mutt, he confessed.
I'm going in for a cold plunge.
I am just about where I was when I met your mother.
We can't exhibit her in a trance?
A girl like you has her career all cut out for her.
Your mother is in a very serious predicament.
You're not in the least subtle.
No; we're going to stay all night.
Nor your mouth shut, laughed Leo.
When the day comes you will seek another.
Have you seen your mother this morning?
Of course this is the sheerest self-delusion.
Your mother worships you, lives for you.
It will be a fierce one, mother.
You're psychic, that's what's the matter with you.
Don't take that tone with me--I won't stand it!
When these went out the room was perfectly black.
Your mother may hear you and grieve.
She is more beautiful than angels.
Do you know what I think she was?
You have an Oriental imagination.
I am not joking; I am very serious.
You're a very stiff-necked person.
I know that ring; it was your mother's.
It was not a question of your mother--alone.
To go back there now would be the devil and all.
I struck blindly, but I struck to hurt.
I'd like to look upon her face.
Your words are very bold, Sinister.
Dissimulation does not suit your face.
Why do you wish to deceive an old man like me?
She dragged my grey beard in the mire!
And hate reckless, you must add.
May you dream of your love as I shall of my hate.
May you be accursed when you utter that word!
May my curse rest upon her head.
Go hence, that you may not perish with the guilty.
You have been robbed of your daughter.
For here man no longer walks on earth.
This will be your ninth wife within four months.
Life only oppresses me like a burden.
Then she turned to the soldiers.
You are a Roman; I need say no more.
You will repent some day amid eternal flames!
Well, why do you not continue to rage?
I am old and feeble, my good Pompeius.
I am not yet too old to die in battle!
Foolish old man that I am; what have I been saying?
Even if she could use magic arts, she would die.
Still more ardently do I hate him.
My experiences are at your command.
Your mind is wandering, old Mesembrius.
This man's head must be laid at my feet.
Your languishing husband, Manlius Sinister.
And we condemn you, roared the army with one voice.
Woe betide thee, Imperator of Rome!
You wouldn't care a rap for me if there was.
Sooner could I lose life itself.
You're here under a name not your own.
Another reason for you to vamose.
You are-- A man countryless and penniless.
Thank Heaven, Lady Monica isn't Spanish.
Darling one, they couldn't be worse.
Because you were alone, with no one to help you.
They had seen me kissing Monica's fingers.
Now, I tell you to send this man away.
And with that I walked away, putting on my mask.
Don't hate me for being a coward.
VI PUZZLE: FIND THE CAR What do you think it means?
Is the person you're talking about a Spaniard?
There is no mistake in my instructions, senor.
You draw the line at them under twenty-two.
All self-respecting Spanish girls are.
You'd better not think of her any more.
The Duke of Carmona is a bad man, he said.
He has not done _us_ any harm--.
I said I wouldn't, but that made no difference.
Oh, he's too handsome to beat down!
You must have played with him when a boy.
I like them hard, said I. That's right!
But I didn't; they're too smart for that.
Wouldn't I like to smash their heads for this!
Wouldn't I like to smash their car!
You make me wild to do that now, I said.
Now you, senorita, owe it to your country.
Listen; it's for you, brother Cristobal.
Well, let's look at your other bidons.
They wouldn't dare turn us out!
Oh, you may smile; but remember we're in Spain.
Her youth and beauty froze under my gaze.
And the girl's life was spoiled.
Oh, confound you, don't harp on that.
I want to be found, the girl answered cruelly.
You'd get into a police cell instead.
Only, now I think of it, it's _his_ bull still.
Carmona's thrown sand in our eyes this time.
You can never tell, in a life like yours.
I don't care what you do with him after that.
Fling him into a well, or let him go.
Above all, what had been done to her?
Was I old now, with my wasted white hands?
I drank, and the same heaviness overcame me.
Yes, the old wretch must be at work in a cellar.
I'm going to Madrid, to stop Carmona's marriage.
But you're risking your life to prove it.
But I'm not going to bother you with it.
And Pilar is going to see her pet die!
Let Fuentes look out for himself!
They are all false, every one of them.
They will leave their mark on you.
You already have all that mortal could desire.
You seem to hesitate to tell me what I am.
He expects too much of these people.
Tell him to go and slide down-hill somewhere.
Now, I want to experiment on you.
He'll slaughter us; he hates the modern.
And slit the playwright's ears.
Oh, don't worry, they're only good comrades.
If he is not making love to her I'm a Greek.
That conceited fool will ruin us.
Why, man, I believe you're scared.
I can sniff victory in the air.
She doesn't seem to be acting at all.
I must say I prefer her in her usual parts.
It was incredible--their disdain of you.
Get back to the plays that please people.
It is not for you to lecture the people.
Such a failure I have never seen.
Mr. Westervelt, this is my answer, and it is final.
I do not wish to hear any more argument.
I don't like a coward, he replied, contemptuously.
A first night is not conclusive.
You are young and fertile of imagination.
I have determined not to read a line of them.
We are forgetting, and you are becoming personal.
You are the greatest woman in the world.
I do not fear him, she replied, with a gay smile.
Her friends used this as a further warning.
You'll ruin us all if you don't drop him.
They like you when you look wicked.
sneered another less friendly critic.
I would not care what the world says.
Hereafter I am but a spectator.
They must bow down before you as I do.
he asked, with bitter harshness.
he answered, through his set teeth.
I infer not, he added, with a sneer.
I ought to kick you into the street!
You are cheating us, wrote another.
I am too perverse, too individual.
There is good in me, but it is evil to you.
I have put my foolish pride underfoot.
I have been a malign influence in your life.
My very presence is a curse to you.
We were all at high tension last night.
You have proved my evil genius.
They're a poor, uneasy lot at the best.
You poor fellow, you've been working like mad.
And, besides, you interfere with my plans.
Your poor old, lonely mother awaits you.
One word from you and I will come.
I can't follow your reckless campaigns.
I'm not so sure about that, she gayly answered.
I am to enter the ranks of the enemy.
Of course there are different ways of pleasing.
I want to see your face whenever I look for it.
She must have known I was demented.
You've found your public, my dear fellow.
And this is only the beginning.
She has reared a giant that seeks to devour her.
Didn't they discover that down there?
You must buck up and get all right quickly....
You'd like to go and stay there, wouldn't you?
You haven't enough to keep you here.
I detest the breed, I needn't say.
He'd jolly well have to take what I gave him.
He was very fond of your mother....
You slacker, Urquhart observed.
Then I shall be unemployed, and march with a flag.
I'm going to be a buyer for the Ignorant Rich.
I love finding them, and I'm practised at cheating.
One has to cheat if one's poor but eager....
He also bounds, but not aggressively high.
Also he doesn't know a good thing when he sees it.
I love the Ignorant Rich; they're so amusing.
Babies like them, sham or genuine.
He has no opinion of the Ignorant Rich.
I don't want to educate anyone.
You and your goblets and your Ignorant Rich.
Oh, Lucy's too young for the Oddities, like me.
Abominably bad for everyone concerned.
Do you find him a useful little boy?
You'd get tired of it in a week.
It's like a German tripper collecting souvenirs.
The brute was investigating itself.
Still contempt withheld a glance.
It isn't respectable, the way you all go on.
What, I mean, are you going to get out of her?
She has so infinitely many, you know.
You mayn't be so clever as some, but you suit me.
It must be a perfectly ripping thing....
Now crawl to your uncle Peter, since you want to.
I'm sick of these wealthy Jews.
I suppose Leslie'll be wanting to do that next.
Rather lovely, isn't she, he said, caressing her.
Get it from your mother, I think; she did, too.
Do you play as badly as ever, Peter?
Now Cheriton will tell you so, because he's rude.
You're too young to be _blase_.
I do intensely dislike that man.
The sort of person I've no use for, you know.
He had hurt Hilary; he deserved to be kicked.
You're intolerable, Peter, really.
All the spoiling you've had has gone to your head.
They're mid-Victorian, and positively offensive!
I wonder had you better go to bed, quite straight?
Nervous prostration, like poor Mr. Vyvian.
Hilary wasn't coming to bed yet.
He ground his teeth and hissed, A time will come.
He hurts my feelings too, whenever I meet him.
Signor Stefani became more explicit.
I didn't like that unhealthy greeny-grey.
I don't like him, and there it is.
But he fair gives me the creeps, like a toad....
I expect I give him the creeps, like a toad....
Oh, don't look like that, you poor darling boys!
We'll tell all the rest the same....
Very jolly, you beloved child....
Peter said, Oh, bother Stefani.
Came of being a bounder, perhaps.
They need my common sense to sustain them.
He said, That brute Cheriton....
An execrable bounder; I always knew it.
He is more annoyed with me than with you.
Break and get lost, and go with the dust.
All alone and unprotected like.
You are so sympathetic to everyone always....
And that man--you'll keep him off of her?
But it didn't last long, for she died that night.
You can't go on like this; it's too silly.
I do not belong to the Romish religion.
You don't say things are so when you can't know....
Why don't you ever come and see me, you slacker?
You _are_ rather like, you know.
Urquhart laughed, unamused, with hard eyes.
Sprung the awful threat upon me.
Lord Evelyn returned, The more shame to you.
Vyvian is just like one; specially about the eyes.
Do you know calcul, Mr. Vyvian?
And he's just playing; he'll never really care.
And we won't let Guy come near us, now or ever.
I've not met any of your cousins really, have I?
I've no patience with the silly, mooning child.
Darling, I have not, and I'm not going to.
He's very old and wise, Peter; very old and gay.
Oh, Peter, be more excited and angry!
You poor little Tommy; come to me then, babykins.
Absurd, you know, too, in a way.
But she won't come back; I know that.
He used to give her the creeps, like a toad.
You're both coming along to fifty-one this minute.
Deserve all they get, and more.
People like the Margerisons an't worth helping.
They'd best go under at once; best go under.
Swindlers and scamps, the lot of them.
one must judge by facts, you know.
I belong to the same sort of people they do.
I could swindle and cheat too, I expect.
I have no desire to hear any of your remarks.
You're ill, he said, accusingly.
Lord Evelyn said, You're probably lying.
Didn't expect her, of course, did you.
He's told us he'll have none of us.
Boarders are like that; intensely respectable.
And do you too much hate the Girl?
The Girl isn't so nice, not by a long way.
You're going to be grasping in future.
You're going to take and have....
So now it's going to be all....
And most of us don't try at all, or care ...
I don't belong any more than you do.
She's coming; she's coming to us, for always.
But I've got a little, you know.
They're alive now, and always will be.
I'm not wrong; and if I am I don't care.
Any fool could have guessed that.
Peter, I didn't know you had it in you to be a cad.
In any case you are not going to do it.
The knowledge that I'm a failure?
You can't step out and go over to the enemy.
You can't try to change your camp.
It isn't in either of you to do it.
Non gli piace, no_, and resume his game.
Castoleto will be gay for the _festa_, Livio said.
You really like it, living like that?...
E forae il mio marito, Da molti anni smarrito?...
You didn't know last night that I saw you.
That you couldn't be happy that way.
I hated everyone and everything.
Poor boy, he muttered to himself.
I've behaved very badly to you, I believe.
I might, you know; and it would hurt.
I loved your mother; my brother's wife.
I'll not hinder or help you till you want me....
JOACHIM MURAT, MARSHAL, KING OF NAPLES 23 III.
JEAN BAPTISTE JOURDAN, MARSHAL 251 XV.
I shall die here with all this work.
England desired nothing so much as his expulsion.
If you refuse you are no friend of mine.
I wish they were all in my belly!
I wash my hands of it and go away, he said.
I think always I am still under your command.
I go to hide myself in retirement and oblivion.
But you never hears as much as a grunt from him.
Tess ain't the worst in this here county.
He air in town but he'll get back, Orn will.
Ye loves that feller, that's what ye does.
Yer face has a week's dirt caked on it.
I air a good helper, ain't I, Daddy?
Green, she said slowly, ain't he a dandy.
I bet he has a pile of green babies.
Nope, taint no use; don't like Ezy anyway.
Nope, I wouldn't love him nuther.
Tess did not deny the accusation of her filth.
Why ain't you washed up like that every day?
Didn't see nothin to keep clean in my face.
Daddy were tired and didn't come for me?
Rescue the perishin Care for the dyin.
His presence had filled her completely.
If ye be a God, she breathed, help me see my Daddy.
Tessibel's head was now close to the hag's.
Was Daddy Skinner coming back to the shanty?
She ought to have a sound whipping.
Get rid of them I will, do you hear?
If Skinner is hanged, she shan't stay there.
I air comin', Daddy Skinner, she cried.
that He lets ye free, Daddy....
No fraternity for me, he yelled.
I'll arrange it to suit you, Sister ...
Will some one help me pull the toffy?
The big man from the hill said like you did.
I don't want to hear none of yer dum gab.
Yep, this mornin in his shanty.
But he ain't so sick as his pappy.
Ben Letts ain't a-goin to die, air he?
Nope, his mammy air with him--we'll go now--eh?
He has to die, I says, I does....
I hates yer like I hates Ezry Longman.
Yep, ye will, when ye gets done bein a baby!
Teola, your mouth must be scoured with peroxide ...
I will tell you mother, said the student.
You will every one do as I say, he cried.
I am no longer a child and I won't be punished.
Frederick, you wouldn't leave your mother?
I'm going to stop this nonsense.
Have your prayers proven nothing to you?
I air such a lonely Tess out him in the hut.
Does the Bible talk of Daddy Skinner?
Cause--well, cause ye can't, that's why!
H-o-l-y B-i-b-l-e, she spelled.
I air a right like them to this un.
Augusta was his style of woman.
I'm going, mother, and that's all there is to it.
He's been here every night for a week, hasn't he?
I wish I had knocked his head clean off his neck.
Get up, fool, here's the Captain.
Ye needed that red rag what ye got round yer head.
Folks mostly never steals what they ain't needin.
Have a piece of bacon, said she.
I only slep in Daddy's bed cause he wasn't here....
Don't try any of your tricks on me, either.
You be high--I air low, as Ben Letts said....
I escaped last night, and you brought me here.
Don't care, I'll wait, then....
Go around to the back door and leave them....
He air done more than that for me.
Ye has yer own business to mind.
Tell me what it says about Daddy.
Air the minister givin money for Daddy?
Nope, I air goin to stay here, snapped Tess.
If I had only been a good girl!
They bring heaps of trouble on us poor men.
For the love of God, Spud, get up!
The Captain's face is scorched brown....
You're heavier than the others.
Boys, if the Captain goes, I'm done for.
A woman's kind of sick, ain't it?
They don't know nothin about it, does they?
What does I care, if it does bleed!
Don't look like that, Tessibel!
And ye ain't no business a-wakin him up, nuther.
He air a-goin with me wherever I has to go....
Why won't you let me help you, poor little girl?
And when I says I ain't got nothin', I ain't.
Where did you get that baby, Tessibel Skinner?
She ain't like other squatters.
Be you and Ezy hatin each other?
Let him keep out of my way, or I fixes him.
I don't want nothin but to be let alone!
Come back to the shanty, she said.
What makes him open his mouth so much?
Wait until he gets some bigness.
Tessibel, where do you get the milk?
And squatters ain't never good, they ain't.
If I ain't got no milk, then I has to crib it.
Better die apart from her child.
I ain't no way a-knowin where he air.
Ezy were a fool when he was born.
But I am such a coward, Tessibel!
And maybe mine ain't for Daddy.
I want to know where--that child--came from?
he groaned, you--you--you the mother of that!
The God up their ain't all yers.
Aw, aw, I ain't a-goin to have it here....
Ye ain't no right in this shanty.
Ye air the miserablest little devil I ever seed.
Tess, I've nearly died all through the night....
But I haven't the courage you have.
I won't do it, Tessibel whitened.
I will settle with the squatter.
Then let them die, retorted the clergyman.
A verse was thrown bomb-like into her mind.
Nope; ye be a-comin to my shanty to-morry.
Have ye seen Myry's kid lately?
He air a-growin a little more pert.
Ye ain't heard nothin from yer Daddy, have ye?
I ain't tellin Daddy nothin'....
I's a-goin for a stick of wood!
I ain't seed ye all summer for nothin.
Yer Daddy ain't a-comin here no more.
Wait till I says what I's a-goin to ...
But, Tess, I don't want you to live in this shanty.
It air yer own self, ain't it, Ezy?
Then ye be a-goin there now, ain't ye?
Nope; I ain't a-sayin nothin ...
Ben Letts air to be tooked to jail.
It air foolhardy to try it, ain't it, Myry?
Don't look at me like that--it air a-hurtin me.
I's a squatter, nothin but a squatter.
Tessibel Skinner, you love Frederick Graves?
Yep, he air sick, replied Tess, turning her back.
Christ'll love him, cause he ain't got no friends.
I don't see--I don't know, nuther.
I takes him, replied Tess grimly.
Good-bye, precious little Dan....
Don't put your fingers over my lips!
You don't mind coming as you are?
Yep, and Myry be a-goin to the same place.
Ye can see she air a-smilin', Satisfied, can't ye?
And Ben air a-huggin her up to him.
God ain't ready to let me have him.
I wonder if that air why he air so good....
Oh, I can't, I can't, Tessibel!
THE LAND OF LAST CHANCE Jim Timberlake and Capt.
THE MATHERSON MARRIAGE She married for money.
The man was fine, clean, fresh from the West.
I _am_ this kind of a young man.
What you have done to her you have done to me!
That is what I now am, an outlaw!
You took your shrinking pound of flesh.
There was a last shameful and degrading scene.
But--your mother remained silent.
Knows what you did to my mother?
_You_ have nothing to offer _me_!
No. Then the next---- No, she said, not moving.
They'll never let him, you know.
The world is too civilised, dear.
Oh, you pretty minx!--you and your dozen words!
I was only trying to torment you.
I did not know that you were--were---- Ruined!
Otherwise matters are gay enough.
You will hate them--and me, if you reason.
Hers were hard as purple steel.
And the worst of it is he's simply not worth it.
Ailsa did look too cute fo words.
Have I ever ceased?--you little Rebel!
You look so white and tired, dear.
Didn't you know it, grandchild of Vikings?
Southern men, The God of Battles fights!
Nineteen batteries are bombarding Sumter.
I've had enough of this rebel newspaper!
I'm trying to tell you that we're at war!
. . . Has your mother seen this?
Don't ever talk to her this way.
The servant entered with a nasty smirk.
No, sir; you just went to sleep.
You haven't got no headache, have you?
You merit well of the republic!
I say don't behave like a servant to me.
You know what will happen if you don't.
I sometimes wonder whether he resembles his mother.
she explained with a gay little laugh.
Is that the kind of man you suppose me?
When he recovers he will be you.
Shut up, you sneering civilian!
Oh the boys of the bully Zouaves!
I'd like to see you with your face washed.
Good night, you funny, sleepy little thing.
No. She covered her face with her hands.
Maria Virgo; gaudent proenomine molles auriculoe.
No woman could ever marry _me_!
No woman could even love me if she knew what I am!
I want you anyway--if you have the--courage!
His arms relaxed and fell away from her.
. . . Now you _are_ frightened!
The companies are full of fools.
Tell Agnew I say that you know your business!
The right kind of devil, ma'am.
What on earth do all these people think of us?
Fortieth New York Infantry, ma'am.
So many, many died; young men, mostly.
Lie down beside me and go to sleep.
You know, he wasn't suffering when he died.
So you've got the lapsy-palls, have you?
Aw--w'ats der matter wit youse, Doc.?
I didn't sneak down here to annoy you.
You won't go away soon, will you?
I admire it enough to wear it myse'f.
You understand that, of course, don't you, darling?
Are you a government detective?
Because he has the bad breeding of one.
Even his own bunky has little use for him.
That's all that keeps the boys from hating him.
Soldiers don't refuse in the army.
I deserve no mercy, no consideration at your hands.
That detail would suit me, dear.
I'll run the guard if I can, so help me Moses!
Then, in his turn, _he_ punished--terribly.
What a tragically inclined boy!
I spend every minute trying not to.
I seem to kiss you just as ardently.
You must--never--go away, her lips formed.
We don't get much of this, darling.
I am too ashamed to look at you.
Don't worry, child, he said, don't worry.
He laughed a harsh, mirthless laugh.
Hevving watches over your Alonzo!
Your Alonzo is derided by a hireling!
And for God's sake take care of your life.
And another sneered: Sun-bonnets!
They look like busted white parasols!
She's a ve'y sweet little minx.
. . . So young--such a he'pless, cute little thing.
You foolish fellow, you don't inconvenience me.
My God, boys, just see them pretty red pants!
curl my hair an wet me with expensive cologne!
And if you can cheat that cursed sutler, do it!
Certainly---- No you can't, you ignoramus!
Have you heard from your mother?
Now, _charge_, you red-legged rascals!
Come on and let's end it _now_!
They're driving the Zouaves in on us.
shrieked another, you ain't licked!
You wouldn't do that, gentlemen, would you?
I am sure the rebels didn't fire on us on purpose.
Try to realise what you are saying!
I haven't set eyes on her since.
As for women, few have any confessions to make.
I don't know why they want to fight any mo!
Get along there you malingerers!
I tell you to mount and run for it!
Hey, you black offspring of a yellow whippet!
I can't stand any more just now.
You boys did get cut up some, didn't you?
We seen you fellers at White Oak.
Don't you know if you got licked?
You're the 8th Cavalry, ain't you?
Is you-all gwine bresh up, suh?
Now jess set down in de tub, suh.
Spec you is lame an so all over, is you?
Now, he chuckled, I'se gwine shave you.
. . . I have never ceased to love--your mother.
I had to learn the degrading reason from others!
Your cruelty--your shame---- Be silent!
She's been on duty all night, observed the guard.
You changed it yourself, Letty.
Woman is frail and weak by nature.
They're fine people, the Craigs.
My life is not my own; it is yours.
Are you afraid to take me for yourself?
Do you think I do not know what I am saying?
I know what you have been, what you are.
As soon as they carry out young Spencer.
Don't waste time with me, he managed to say.
I'm an old fool and you're a--younger one.
Where the devil did you come from, Burgess?
I'll go forward and smoke for a while.
He is absorbed, wrapped up in you.
Save us, O my Lord, Rameses Miamun!
He hath gotten power over his own members.
I am Anpu (Anubis) on the day of reckoning.
Apep hath fallen, Apep, the enemy of Ra, departeth.
Hail, saith Nut to thy Sweet One.
My face is the face of the Disk.
My ears are the ears of Ap-uat.
My neck is the neck of the divine goddess Isis.
My phallus is the phallus of Osiris.
My chest is the chest of the Mighty one of Terror.
My hips and legs are the hips and legs of Nut.
I am the _Am-khent_, Nefer-uben-f, triumphant.
NOW IT IS A GREAT PROTECTION [GIVEN] BY THE GOD.
AND HE SHALL NEVER SUFFER DIMINUTION, NEVER, NEVER.
I am Anpu (Anubis) on the day of the god Sepa.
I am Anpu (Anubis) [on the day of] the god Sepa.
Thy head is fastened unto thee, O Osiris.
Thy brow is stablished, O Osiris.
I proclaim right and truth, and I live therein.
O Tchefet,(70) I have entered in to thee.
O Smam,(73) I have come into thee.
I have not committed fornication.
and I have not taken vengeance upon the god.
I have met and I have received the mighty goddess.
Let him go back whence he came.
The essence of every god was in her.
And the priest mocked him and laughed.
From the yoke of my Lord I do not rebel.
to meet _Aziru_ (and) make him flee ...
they will devour me in your sight.
for now they have cast thee out.
They have demanded what is shameful.
But the _Misi_ men (Egyptians) ...
you will make my kindred to be afflicted.
The man of sin Aziru has marched ...
He sent men, and they were beaten.
He concludes by calling _Abdasherah_ a dog.
because of pleasuring him(249) ...
the city of _Ambi_ (_'Aba_) has been burned by me.
there is none of this with me ...
and we have set our faces fast toward thy servants.
Send the Egyptian soldiers (_bitati_) ...
And they have turned back(276) to take from us ...
She is helpless before them ...
now _Abdasherah_ sends for soldiers.
May our Gods prosper thee, prosper thy fortress.
You will not (even) glance at us ...
and the King the Sun forever ...
I am the dust beneath the feet.
there is none remaining to stand up for me.
and I am being brought low: the ...
they have gathered, and I (too) to fight.
and the King will afflict his country before me.
And with _Biridia_ I have caused (men) to go forth.
_Zurata_ is damming the marshes.
This site would be the Enam of the Bible (Josh.
They hurt the innocent, and outrage the orphan.
O King my Lord, and _Adonizedek_ (is) dust ...
Yea and the rulers of the King....
His tribe is arrayed (or prepared).
The sinful fort (or camp) is very arrogant.
Let the King's (foe) perish by the King ...
Truly is not there slaughter with us?
It is the Ir-Shemesh of the Bible (Josh.
41), otherwise Beth-Shemesh (Josh.
(for our children?) my brother ...
my brother, are not his soldiers...
All these have been seen by _Teie_ your mother ...
my envoys _Amenophis III_ with ...
do not I say that _Teie_(392) ...
there by _Amenophis III_ with a message.
the message of your mother which to _Gilias_ ...
my envoys four years since you(393) ...
and to my brother's pleasure ...
did not I slay because of these things?
_Amenophis IV_ (_Nabkhuriya_) ...
and to the presence of _Amenophis IV_ ...
But you can see her with the King.
from the hands of my envoys....
in your country have violently cut off ...
24 Mild is thy heart, O Ounnefer, son of Isis!
14 Vain are all representations!(506) XIV.
(O) Urt-het,(575) come to thy spouse.
Rejoice, all thine enemies are annihilated!
Speak to us, Supreme Ruler, our Lord.
Thine enemy is vanquished, he no longer existeth!
I am the divine Sothis(580) behind him.
There is no god like unto thee!
O fructifying Bull, come to Anap.
Come to Tattu, the place which thy soul prefers.
Come to thy companions, Supreme Ruler, our Lord!
the royal Osiris is thyself and reciprocally.
The rays of Aten(635) are upon his person.
7 The royal Osiris is one of you.
Thy soul doth breathe forever and ever.
Ammon is with thee each day to render thee life.
He granteth to thee to breathe in thy coffin.
The gods of all Egypt come to thee.
Thy soul liveth in Heaven forever.
Thy beautiful face liveth (in) thy children.
Let him follow Osiris, with the gods of Kerti.
_ 100 I.e._, lost my temper and become angry.
The Egyptian resident also retired.
Arta Sumara appears to mean destroying hero.
429 The signs SAL US indicate female servants.
464 Syrians as prisoners of war.
511 Or, perhaps, the little ones, the children.
624 Ra under the form of a scarab.
630 Apophis, the great serpent of evil.
653 The Osiris is an hermaphrodite being.
663 Nut personified the Upper Hemisphere of heaven.
Sap clear and slightly sticky with resin.
or less long, of lapping scales 95.
All parts have a rank, fetid smell.
or more long), with a deep notch; hairy.
Nut white, sweet, compressed, 4-angled.
Wood whiter, and not so useful.
long, rigid, curved, dark green.
(PINSAPO FIR.) Leaves less than 1 in.
TAMARACK OR HACKMATACK.) Leaves less than 1 in.
Cones round, closed, hard, 1 in.
long, very blunt, in 4 rows on the flattened spray.
(NOOTKA SOUND CYPRESS.) Leaves only 1/8 in.
_Bladdery._ Swollen out and filled with air.
_Scabrous._ Rough or harsh to the touch, 23.
and few or none were left alive....
and don't let no Tiverton man catch you!
that once more I were a careless child!
in the court of France, like a gentleman.
Having a pension of 4.0 a week, as Serj.
of Marines, once refused a shill.
The seizure took place while they were alone.
AVANT: _Torbaia digna Camoensis_.
The abbey was robbed and then burned to the ground.
here began my downfall and decay!
I never hurt any ship, bark, or boat in my life.
I am sure this law was not made so.
We can't fight, and we won't fight.
I will put an end to his misery.
He was the only survivor of the Malays.
One was a little boy, the child of a Dyak woman.
Too fond of taking heads; always taking heads.
She is better than she looks, he replied.
I exclaimed, foolishly losing all my patience.
Come, come, you are taking up our time uselessly.
One is a Dutchman, and the other is English.
By all means; let us seize her.
We shall soon know what you are made of.
We know you then, my fine fellow.
I was left to be burnt by the miscreants.
Explain, explain, I cried in a tone of agony.
I was born and bred in the State of New York.
Slaving alone was too tame for us.
She died, and we buried her at sea.
Even my own people were afraid of me.
We set her on fire and left her.
The present, therefore, most oppressed me.
The leader was a Malay apparently.
Oh, what sensations did they create!
Every effort I made was prevented.
A village near the lake was already attacked.
What are you prying here for, old gentleman?
Instantly the junk broached to.
The attempt ended in failure and shame.
The Jew had no right or citizenship in the land.
To the kings the Jew was a mere engine of finance.
His own subjects fared no better than foreigners.
I am your Captain and your King; follow me!
You won't have me long now, my lad.
You did say you wanted to die, didn't you?
You ain't felt no pain lately, ave you?
Have--you--been--putting--p'ison--in--my--wittles?
I'll ave you ung, he repeated, wildly.
For giving me p'ison, said Mr. Lister, frantically.
Do you think I can't see through you?
He's gone mad, said he, slowly.
He's gone right orf is ed. Where is he?
Better leave im alone, said Henshaw.
The Righteous Never Forsaken 26.
Control your Temper Dr. John Todd.
---------- ------------ He ga-zdupon.
Men generally die as they live.
We desire not your money', but yourselves.
We desire yourselves', not your money.
I did not say a better soldier.
I did not say a. better soldier.
Did he behave properly', or improperly?
Not one', now, to mock your own grinning?
LONGFELLOW 4. ARNOLD, GEORGE 48.
MONTGOMERY, JAMES 8. BIBLE, THE 52.
4. Af-fect'ed, unnatural and silly.
Now, go along, you provoking fellow!
Re-pul'sive, repelling, forbid-ding.
Tense, strained to stiffness, rigid.
Crotch'et, a perverse fancy, a whim.
In-dis-pen'sa-ble, absolutely necessary.
Snick'er, to laugh in a half-suppressed manner.
9. Con--ster-na'tion, excessive terror, dismay.
Ex-te'ri-or, outward appearance.
6. Mod'i-fied, qualified, lessened.
RESPECT FOR THE SABBATH REWARDED.
by your dialect you are from the West.
4. Vi'o-late, to break, to profane.
It is called the WORM OF THE STILL.
En-tic'ing, attracting to evil.
Spurned, rejected with disdain.
P. The best security in the world.
Thy subjects were the aggressors.
Ex-cess'es, misdeeds, evil acts.
Un-a-dul'ter-at-ed, pure, unmixed.
7. To'phet, the infernal regions.
Your mother's a very sensible woman, my child.
You don't understand what I mean, do you?
Clam'or-ous-ly, with a loud noise.
Poor people have no time to be sentimental.
Rap'-ture, extreme joy or pleasure, ecstasy.
6. Sub-or'di-nate, inferior in power.
De-mean'or, be-havior, deportment.
Im-pre-ca'tions, curses, prayers for evil.
9. O false and fickle Nelly Gray!
You saved our wives and children.
Pro-pen'si-ties, bent of mind, inclination.
If you'd some wives, you would, I know.
And I dare say you would laugh!
You'll make your boys as bad as yourself.
No, Caudle, no; not while I'm alive!
what a brute you must be to snore so!
Ag'gra-vat-ing, provoking, irritating.
8. Pal'try, mean, contemptible.
2. Pre-cip'i-tat-ed, urged on violently.
1. Often into folly straying, O, my mother!
It is too late to repent, Master Millington.
Pretty comfortable, for an invalid.
He became insane, and was sent to a private asylum.
Ir-re-press'i-ble, not to be restrained.
he cried; Made way for Liberty, and died!
3. Im-preg'na-ble, that can not be moved or shaken.
Why don't you smite him for that look?
Now heaven support me, if they have!
So well he bears it, he doth vanquish me.
T is well The boy is not thy son.
I've destined him To die along with thee.
I'll send the arrow through the core!
Take off his chains if he consent.
Hit a hair Of thee, and cleave thy mother's heart?
And lay him down a corse before her!
Let not to-morrow's sun Set on the tyrant's banner!
If you doubt it, look yourself.
No. Alb. I would only kiss his hand.
Good heavens, sir, he is as crazy as a man can be!
I made it, and they are jealous of me!
6. Ca-reer'ing, moving rapidly.
2. Ban'ished, condemned to exile, driven away.
Here, you Smike: take away now.
Ad-min'is-tered, gave, dispensed.
Sig-nif i-cant-ly, with meaning.
4. Weird, tainted with witchcraft, supernatural.
6. Pros'trate, lying at length.
7. Im-brut'ed, reduced to brutality.
ish, eager or greedy to swallow.
Can't you distinguish her any way?
RELIGION THE ONLY BASIS OF SOCIETY.
Dif-fu'sion, extension, spread.
Sen-su-al'i-ty, indulgence in animal pleasure.
A CHASE IN THE ENGLISH CHANNEL.
Af-flict'ed, overwhelmed, dejected.
Reck'-oned, calculated, counted.
Others are simply envious and ill-natured.
In darkness dissolves the gay frostwork of bliss!
4. Trans'port, ecstasy, rapture.
6. Dis-af-fect'ed, discouraged.
7. Ob-se'qui-ous, compliant to excess.
A truant disposition, good my lord.
We'll teach you to drink deep ere you depart.
My dearest foe; i.e., my greatest foe.
but you must be eating fire, and I know not what?
6. Pre-mon'i-to-ry, giving previous warning.
8. Re-trib'u-to-ry, rewarding, retaliating.
oh-nok'shus), liable to censure, offensive.
4. Vin di-cat-ed, defended, justified.
Look at the mess you're making!
You ought not to provoke Dave, Walter.
It's what they want me for that gets my goat.
Why, he's never laid eyes on me.
Or they might get sick and die on your hands.
I know what I'll see, was the sharp retort.
I'd no idea you had such a temper.
Luckily I don't care--that's one good thing.
The way he's turned out is no surprise.
When you are Bob's age you may be like him.
Oh, you'll make your way too, sonny, some day.
They know it and have to say so.
Yet with all that you'll like her.
But it ain't yours or mine to slosh away.
The aim is to make him breathe.
Chuck them over on the floor for me, won't you?
I'll beat them for you if you like.
Didn't you hear what Peters said?
He gets off for a day now and then.
You're starved, poor old chaps!
I'll come and find her for you.
Between them they will tear me to pieces.
I saw it needed it the worst way.
A gang have beaten us, that's all.
I'll jail him and all his tribe--see if I don't!
What on earth has struck you, you giant?
I've just been to walk and am tired as the deuce.
And well done you too, little shaver!
Little does he know we have him down cold already!
He had a bully brother himself, he said.
Did you ever play baseball, kid?
Great Scott, Stubbie, look out.
Keep out of the way, you chaps.
I did not go into this game to be beaten.
Still, unlucky as he is, I'd not care to lose him.
Green as I am I recognized that.
French verbs are nothing compared to it.
Bob won't really stand over you with a whip.
There will be nothing but what you can handle.
Quit making sheep's eyes at that boat, son.
You don't know what work means.
You are like all your generation, said he severely.
Uncle Sam can't help it if his men are slow.
But like a child, it probably won't.
I'm an awful rotter--plain lazy, I guess.
The place is like an oven, isn't it?
Probably he has to be, poor soul, Walter returned.
Dot, dash,---- That's the letter A, you squarehead!
Still, Dad will rag me, just the same.
Maybe you wouldn't get your growth if you were.
Mebbe you ain't as much of a duffer as you think.
Why, man, you could not even read it yourself!
She was a weak, wretched little dog but it was she.
I had her licking my hand inside a minute.
They will be jailed, never fear, returned Bob.
They got them by _fraud or violence_.
They are become habitually thieves and liars.
The whips were taken from all the white servants.
OFFICE OF THE AVE MARIA: NOTRE DAME, IND.
Do you think she'd grudge you a sup of milk?
Here we are at your door, ma'am.
You would not have minded, would you, mother?
Look here, Masther Tom, darlin!
Ed Brown says lots of boys do it.
Then it's because he knows nothin about it.
The best of them become careless.
Oh, taint losted, answered the girl.
We've neither of us ever had one.
Can't I take the doll now, please?
You fellows had better get off.
Handsome is that handsome does!
Come now, Kittelywink, go long!
There she is, complete from bow to stern!
I'm afraid you will be too heavy.
But, bless me, you young rogues!
Yes: your mother sent me to tell you.
And if I find the head, it can be glued on.
Your mother puts your hair into a nightcap!
he cried, in a disdainful tone.
What a fickle child you are, to be sure!
But it will not make any difference.
The provocation was certainly great.
Never meddle with what does not belong to you!
No, Fudge, she called; not that way.
You want me to go in there, Fudge?
Your Aunt Mollie must be awful nice!
Come, Uncle Tom, it is your turn!
Do you not think we have had enough of them?
In the grey of the early morning she died.
Well, if you are not a true Yankee at guessing!
It is written, therefore it is so.
The many are always sacrificed to the few.
_Mr Panscope._ Lightning and devils!
while Bacchus rules o'er us: No thinking!
_Squire Headlong._ Magical, faith!
_Mr Milestone._ Bad taste, Miss Tenorina.
_Squire Headlong._ Egregious, by Jupiter!
You shall cut me a giant before you go.
All hail to the Headlong, the Headlong Ap-Headlong!
to the health of the Headlong Ap-Headlong!
DEMOCRITUS JUNIOR TO THE READER.
Go now, censure, criticise, scoff, and rail.
3. Wise men themselves are no better.
And condemns all for fools, Psal.
7, I am become a monster to many.
When they professed themselves wise, became fools.
2, 3, but all are corrupt, err.
12, None doeth good, no, not one.
Ignorance is a privation, error a positive act.
vita haec nunc mage ridicula est.
[425] Justum ab injustis petere insipientia est.
he wisheth himself to be anathematised for them.
34_, kept in jars above the moon.
I hate their vices, not their persons.
1._ Impulsive; Sin, concupiscence, &c.
Possession or obsession of Devils.
2._ Or mediately, by magicians, witches.
Phlegmatic, slothful, dull, heavy, &c.
is your health crushed with raging diseases?
Sensitive is common to men and brutes.
Thirdly, brutes cannot reflect upon themselves.
22_, dress meat, or any such thing.
2_, putting superfluous eating for a main cause.
The Turks, saith Bellonius, lib.
4_, and Rodericus a Castro, _de morbis mulier.
I am like a bottle in the smoke.
_Tanta illi est feritas, tanta est insania luctus_.
And tis in most men an incurable disease.
Nil parvum aut humili modo, nil mortale loquor.
praecipitant parentes vota sua_, &c.
5. And they smote with their tongues, Jer.
a Turkish paradise, a heaven upon earth.
where is all your boasted virtue now, my friend?
As the fool thinketh, so the bell clinketh.
Evil prognostics on the other part.
or cold Diamargaritum frigidum.
Excrements daily to be voided by art or nature.
5._ Cordials, resolvers, hinderers.
Fomentations of oil for the belly.
pulvia carminativus, and pulvis descrip.
[3548]_Quid refert morbo an ferro pereamve ruina_?
Iphicrates and Marius were meanly born.
[3716] Quid dignum stolidis mentibus imprecer?
A God shall set me free whene'er I please.
Sperate et vosmet rebus servate secundis.
[3917]_Tu frustra pius, heu_, &c.
to be used after bathing, or to procure sleep.
[4301]_Curas edaces dissipat Evius_.
_hilaritatis dulce seminarium_.
Alkermes [Symbol: Ounce]ss lap.
31_, would have the head so washed once a week.
[Symbol: Rx] diacodii [Symbol: Ounce]j.
de Saxonia, _stillicidia_, or droppings, &c.
in six pills, a pill or two at a time.
They have been naught themselves.
[4795]_Post prandia, Callyroenda_.
hist._) and would not hurt her.
Her words burn as fire, Eccles.
Quid fallacibus osculis inescas?&c.
For which cause belike, Godfridus _lib.
happy is that man that shall enjoy her.
_In circo non tam cernitur quam discitur libido_.
Vulcan's flames are but smoke to this.
Nay, before all the gods and goddesses themselves.
I could repeat centuries of such.
Spare me whilst I go, drown me as I return.
Fiamque calceus, me Saltem ut pede usque calces.
Sir Trolly Lolly will I prove to thee.
menthae siccae [Symbol: Dram]ss.
no wickedness like to her, Ecclus.
moriar, nisi nubere dulce est_.
If she be barren, she is not--&c.
[5801] --procreare liberos lepidissimum.
Luserit Aeneas, nec filia dulcior illa?
Died ere he could enjoy the love of any.
The band of conjugal love is adamantine.--9.
Basilius, that Muscovian tyrant, practised of late?
[6023]_Lacerat lacerium Largi mordax Memnius_.
First I desire the earth to swallow me.
she spews to see Thy filthy face, it doth so move.
So did the devil of old with Apollo's priests.
I must needs condole their misery.
Such is their malice towards us.
In the mean time the wretch died before Monday.
[6616]Rhasis an Arabian, _cont.
[6626]_Vivamus mea Lesbia et amemus_, &c.
quid nunc vile magis et execrandum?
1._) to punish them for their sins.
4. Submission of himself to other men's judgments.
why doth he not make us all good, able, sound?
CAVETE FELICES--HAPPY BE CAUTIOUS.
A laughter with a petulant spleen.
Non tam refertae bibliothecae quam cloacae.
Onerabuntur ingenia, nemo legendis sufficit.
Non dubito multos lectores hic fore stultos.
Frambesarius, Sennertus, Ferandus, &c.
Seis rotunda metiri, sed non tuum animum.
Hic profundissimae Sophiae fodinae.
Insanum te omnes pueri, clamantque puellae.
pauci ut video sanae mentis sunt.
Stulte et incaute omnia agi video.
Astutam vapido servat sub pectore vulpem.
In vigore furibundus, quum decrescit insanabilis.
Vultus magna cura, magna animi incuria.
Ubi omnes delirabant, omnes insani, &c.
Pleasing spectacles to the ignorant poor.
Read Meteran of his stupend cruelties.
Curae leves loquuntur, ingentes stupent.
Pausa rapit, quod Natta reliquit.
Ut reus innocens pereat, sit nocens.
They eat up my people as bread.
Nunc sanitatis patrocinium est insanientium turba.
Errore grato libenter omnes insanimus.
which of these is the more mad.
subditi miseri, rebelles, desperati, &c.
Mutuis odiis et caedibus exhausti, &c.
Non est regni decus, sed carceris esse custos.
de leg.) omnes vult exterminari.
Sic Olim Hippodamus Milesius Aris.
ne sint aliter incontinentes ob reipub.
Speciosissimi juvenes liberis dabunt operam.
Bellum nec timendum nec provocandum.
Omnes mulieres ut plurimum stultae.
Dolere se dixit quod tum vita egrederetur.
Fortuna nimium quem fovet, stultum facit.
Dum fero languorem, fero religionis amorem.
Thy destruction is from thyself.
In rosario flores spinis intermixti.
Quod tibi fieri non vis, alteri ne feceris.
Qui parvum caput habent, insensati plerique sunt.
Humor frigidus delirii causa, furoris calidus, &c.
Dii gentium a Constantio prostigati sunt, &c.
ut canes nigri, feles, variis formis, &c.
Origo ejus a Coelo petenda est.
Putant se laedere quando non laedunt.
Civem facie cadaverosa, qui dixit, &c.
Morbo comitiali, dementia, mania, lepra, &c.
Illaudabilis succi nauseam provocant.
Innoxium reddit et bene olentum.
Mag. Nigritatem inducit si pecora biberint.
Delectantur Graeci piscibus magis quam carnibus.
Ex cauterio et ulcere exsiccato.
Frequens sanguinis missio corpus extenuat.
Nihil magis excaecat intellectum, quam otium.
Cur oscitantes oscitent, Wierus.
omnis perturbatio miseria et carnificina est dolor.
Timidi semper spiritus habent frigidos.
Urebat me aemulatio propter stultos.
Invidit privati nomen supra principis attolli.
Nihil lucrantur, nisi admodum mentiendo.
Attenuant vigiles corpus miserabile curae.
Ambitio in insaniam facile delabitur, si excedat.
Ut sit iniquus in deum, in proximum, in seipsum.
Stulte, hac nocte eripiam animam tuam.
Immoritur studiis, et amore senescit habendi.
periit dum fumus de tigillo exit foras.
calls all such gamesters madmen.
E manibus illis, Nascentur violae.
Insaniam istam domine longe fac a me.
ut pueris placeas, et declamatio fias.
Arcus et arma tibi non sunt imitanda Dianae.
2.--dos ipsa scientia sibique congiarium est.
contra Gentiles de Babila martyre.
Improba, informis, impudica, temulenta, nutrix, &c.
Nutrix non sit lasciva aut temulenta.
Nil patri minus est quam filius.
Quum subit illius tristissima noctis Imago.
Tales joci ab injuriis non possint discerni.
Dummodo sit dives barbarus, ille placet.
Egere est offendere, et indigere scelestum esse.
Patres mortuos coram astantes et filios, &c.
vere ferream, pateremur, famem, pestem, &c.
Si non observemus, nihil valent.
Industria superflua circa res inutiles.
Aram vobis servatoribus diis erigemus.
Mores sequuntur temperaturam corporis.
Scintillae latent in corporibus.
Humores pravi mentum obnubilant.
A Liene, juvidore, utero, et aliis partibus oritur.
Semper fere dormit somnolenta c. 16.
alius se gallum putat, alius lusciniam.
Ob ariditatem quae reddit nervos linguae torpidos.
Calvities ob ficcitatis excessum.
Subrusticus pudor vitiosus pudor.
Coeci ut plurimum impudentes, nox facit impudentes.
In quocunque sit a quacunque causa Hypocon.
Raro mors aut nunquam, nisi sibi ipsis inferant.
Quicquid meditaris aggredi aut perficere.
pisces petrosi, et molles carne.
Multo melius in terram vina fudisses.
Si non sponte, clisteribus purgetar.
Turcis ideo luctatoribus prohibitum.
Frigidis et siccis corporibus inimicissima.
In iis nec pullos hirundines excludunt, neque, &c.
l. 1. c. 27 de viridibus pueris.
ubi vixit otiosus a suo subjecto, &c.
ex omnium pulchritudine delecti.
They account them unlawful because sortilegious.
Ut incantatione viris fugatur, ita lectione malum.
Tot tibi sunt dotes virgo, quot sidera coelo.
That you may sleep calmly on either ear.
Ut sis nocte levis, sit tibi, caena brevis.
An morbi graviores corporis an animi.
Incredibile dictu quantum juvent.
In deliciis habuit scurras et adulatores.
The insane consolations of a foolish mind.
Ingenio pollet cui vim natura negavit.
Does such presumption in your origin possess you?
Nihil fortunato insipiente intolerabilius.
Ut postquam impinguati fuerint, devorentur.
Nemo paupertatem commendaret nisi pauper.
Hic ure, hic seca, ut in aeternum parcas, Austin.
O generose, quid est vita nisi carcer animi!
miserabile spectaculum exhibentes.
aut quid acerbi mihi putas contigisse?
Praemeditatione facilem reddere quemque casum.
Occupat extremum scabies; mihi turpe relinqui est.
Stella Fomahant immortalitatem dabit.
Contend not with a greater man, Pro.
Naturam expellas furca licet usque recurret.
Insipientis est dicere non putaram.
Nemini dixeris quae nolis efferri.
Nimia familiaritas parit contemptum.
Tant eris aliis quanti tibi fueris.
Dum furor in cursu currenti cede furori.
Unicuique suum onus intolerabile videtur.
Dicor borago gaudia semper ago.
Somnia laeta facit argenteo annulo gestatus.
Corpus incolume reddit, et juvenile efficit.
Absit jactantia, ego primus praebere caepi, &c.
Hilaritatem ut oleum flammam excitat.
Absynthium somnos allicit olfactu.
Hyoscyamus sub cervicali viridis.
Olysipponensis medicus; pudor aut juvat aut laedit.
Viros nudos castae feminae nihil a statuis distare.
Boni pulchrique fruendi desiderium.
bust of a beautiful woman with the tail of a fish.
Edgar Etheling, England's darling.
Hircanaeque admorunt ubera tigres.
Pollio lacera, occide, mea mente irascere.
Jampridem et plagas ipsi in nates incussi sandalio.
Dictator quo creato cessant reliqui magistratus.
Whithersoever enraged you fly there is no escape.
Hiatque turpis inter aridas nates podex.
Insanum quiddam ac furibundum exclamans.
Amor per oculos, nares, poros influens, &c.
minus turbari curant quam comam.
Difficile inter epulas servatur pudicitia.
She folded her arms around my neck.
Ah crudele genas nec tutum foemina nomen!
Saliebat crebro tepidum cor ad aspectum Ismenes.
Eo die dicitur nonies ad littus currisse.
Scis quod posthac dicturus fuerim.
Impera mihi; occidam decem viros, &c.
Hujus ero vivus, mortuus hujus ero.
And distracted will imprint kisses on the doors.
puellae dormienti insultantium, &c.
Semper moritur, nunquam mortuus est qui amat.
Idem Savanarola, et plures alii, &c.
I recommend you to have two mistresses.
nihil non odio dignimi observares.
Febris hectica uxor, et non nisi morte avellenda.
Children make misfortunes more bitter.
Scilicet uxori nubere nolo meae.
Puellis imprimis nulla danda occasio lapsus.
Pervigilium Veneris e vetere poeta.
Deianiram suscipit, Herculem nando sequi jubet.
Idem uxores maritis abalienavit.
And belches out the smell of onions and garlic.
A zelotypia redactus ad insaniam et desperationem.
Tollere nodosam nescit medicina podagram.
6. He cannot kiss his wife for paint.
nulla est via qua non innumeris idolis est referta.
Ut metu mortis neglecto, ad virtutem incitarent.
By themselves sustain the brunt of every battle.
legionibus armati non effecerunt.
Nullus orbis angulus ab hisce belluis immunis.
de sacrificiis, Fumo inhiantes.
Quod ante peccavit Adam, nudus erat.
Alii nudis pedibus semper ambulant.
19.) scripturam nugis plenam, &c.
what now more vile and execrable?
Vitium ab infidelitate proficiscens.
largiorem hi nacti sunt conscientiam.
voluptate sumus ebrii, proinde non sentimus, &c.
Germany is gone; Russia is gone.
The German seizure was outrageous.
You've nerve enough for two men.
He released her and stepped up to the wall.
He must answer, must claim what was rightfully his!
Black wrath gripped him as he moved on.
When Cliff Darrell finds you---- Darrell!
His words fell to an indistinguishable purr.
Vilma writhed beneath his touch.
Everything about this place makes my flesh crawl.
I'd rather stay as I am than touch any of it!
I imagine they'll--drain you dry!
The last phrase was a vicious snarl.
542.] new men and apostate Lancastrians.
Would he say this if just escaped from a prison?
Marmaduke Nevile, good my lord.
Out on ye, cullions and bezonians!
Cling to me, gentle donzel, and fear not.
ILL FARES THE COUNTRY MOUSE IN THE TRAPS OF TOWN.
Off, fellows, and take care of your necks!
what hath England merited from men like thee?
There were no heroes were there no martyrs!
Dear foster-brother, I fear for thy safety.
God and man will bring you justice yet.
The little one hath him by the throat!
and the devil will have his own!
with this engine the world shall one day be moved.
By my halidame, well swung, cousin mine!
Meanwhile be courteous to all men, servile to none.
The stout earl, and God bless him!
I wake and find myself a miser and a robber!
That is more than I can say, sweet mistress.
Fear not, said Adam, disdainfully.
Hugh Withers, please you, my lord duke.
North country, by thine accent.
Meanwhile, Adam, elated, poor man!
Twenty and five years, and all wasted!
My poor placard is turned lampblack.
Gloucester, the lynx-eyed mannikin, is there!
Delenda est tua Carthago, Master Warner.
Not in this dress shall she be found.
Bridle thy tongue, artisan, and begone!
What wonder we traders hate these silken lords!
and misfortune has ever a shrewish tongue.
But-- Oh, nay, nay; but me no buts.
And what brings ye hither, young truants?
If so, pardon my foolish tongue.
A murrain on all doubledealing!
Can you mate him with no bride?
You care little for the legend, meseems.
I have worked at it night and day stotis filibus.
I will set goblins to pinch thee black and blue!
I will convict thee of ignorance.
WHEREIN THE DEMAGOGUE SEEKS THE COURTIER.
Pinch the belly if you would make Englishmen rise.
Good day to you, worshipful my masters.
my liege, may you not deceive yourself!
You were forsaken in your rust!
We have done this for you, and you reproach us!
Wherefore I say, down with all subject-banners!
THE NORMAN EARL AND THE SAXON DEMAGOGUE CONFER.
PURPOSETH TO KEEP WITH EARL AND PEOPLE.
So vanish all the king's enemies!
there, gentlemen, away!--a franc etrier!
Isabel, God temper your ambition!
Verily, our priests burn the Jews out of envy!
What offence have I given to the Church?
THE SLEEPING INNOCENCE--THE WAKEFUL CRIME.
I will come to your palace,--appoint your own day.
I would not have been thy rival, Heaven forefend!
Yes; smile disdainfully, but listen still.
Fare you well, gentle mistress.
Look down from heaven, my husband, my martyr-sons!
His men, at least, fight like devils!
Your Robin, and poor Robin, varlets!
Woe betide ye, if ye think to destroy that!
Mistress, did you ever see them?
Have not your daughter's life upon your soul!
Fly, my child,--they now threaten thee.
The crone looks parlous witchlike!
But what mean you?--you mistake us!
Poor gentlefolks, they must be unked dull, yonder!
the foul fiend has distraught them!
They shall be scourged, Sir John!
That evil man scares my soul from heaven!
He is but a boy--they misled him!
You slay them not,--they disappear!
these Lancastrians only serve to enrich us.
If you will not conciliate, crush!
WARWICK AND HIS FAMILY IN EXILE.
It is not true, it is not true!
He heeds me not, he cares not for me!
This king so fierce, my name so hated!
His courage makes him a dullard.
as if I had not felt its delusions to palling!
Graul has the mettle for a bonny witch!
Fare thee well, and Our Lady shield thee!
I scorn and spit at thy malice!
The friar's face grew convulsed with rage.
Ah, blasphemer, now I have thee!
she muttered; OH, THE GREAT MAN!
a lad like you may come to great things!
Then Jesu defend these children!
I have no time to waste on words.
Come hither, my rude Northman,--come.
I curse thee not, he said; I rebuke thee not.
His kiss shall have the taint of Judas.
Even my forgiveness cannot avert thy doom!
Now forever I dismiss her memory and her crime.
I depart to battle for your cause and your king's.
SHARP IS THE KISS OF THE FALCON'S BEAR.
Harm him not, harm him at your peril, friar!
Truly not,--the rabble are his friends!
he exclaimed, our men at the left are cravens!
The dark legions of Air fight for us!
Swift, a tout bride, Marmaduke.
You are too young to die, cousin!
Back to your men, Mark Forester!
Infamous nigromancer, hear that!
What now avail thy bombards and thy talisman!
Villain and numskull, do thy worst.
We leave this world to tyranny and vice.
All vices ever vanish in success!
-- Landais steals the Alliance.
-- Outrages upon American Sailors.
-- Destruction Of the United States Corvette Adams.
-- Spain's Sacrifices and Failure.
-- GALLOP'S BATTLE WITH THE INDIANS.
-- DOWNFALL OF THE BUCCANEERS POWER.
We will serve them as we have served you.
You shall not get to Panama this time.
You are keeping us in beggary and starvation.
-- AMERICAN VESSELS IN EUROPEAN WATERS.
-- GOOD WORK OF THE LEXINGTON AND THE REPRISAL.
Keep off, or I shall fire into you.
-- IN COMMAND OF THE PROVIDENCE.
-- SWEEPING THE ENGLISH CHANNEL.
-- THE DESCENT UPON WHITEHAVEN.
-- LANDAIS QUARRELS WITH JONES.
-- EDINBURGH AND LEITH THREATENED.
-- LANDAIS STEALS THE ALLIANCE.
-- JONES IN COMMAND OF THE ARIEL.
Answer immediately, or I shall fire into you.
-- HIS EXPLOIT AT LEWISTON JAIL.
I am Samuel Tucker, but no rebel.
Our men are dying of their wounds.
-- THE BRITISH IN PHILADELPHIA.
-- THE ATTACK UPON FORT MIFFLIN.
-- DESTRUCTION OF THE AMERICAN FRIGATES.
We can beat you back easily, said he.
-- FRENCH SHIPS IN AMERICAN WATERS.
Then followed days of terror for Charleston.
Pay no heed to the actual command I may give you.
-- AGGRESSIONS OF BARBARY CORSAIRS.
A SQUADRON SENT TO THE MEDITERRANEAN.
-- THE ENTERPRISE AND THE TRIPOLI.
Fight on, and send them to the bottom.
-- COMMODORE MORRIS SENT TO THE MEDITERRANEAN.
-- COMMODORE PREBLE SENT TO THE MEDITERRANEAN.
-- THE LOSS OF THE PHILADELPHIA.
At the same moment the cry, Americanos!
His victim was powerless to guard himself.
4, the day following the last attack upon Tripoli.
That rested with the civilians.
-- OUTRAGES UPON AMERICAN SAILORS.
I am treated very ill, because I will not enter.
He is an American sailor.--Tumble in here, my man.
This last insult was too great.
-- FIRST SUCCESS FOR THE AMERICANS.
-- THE CONSTELLATION AND L'INSURGENTE.
-- THE CONSTELLATION AND LA VENGEANCE.
Ees eet that that ees a sheep of les Etats-Unis?
Look out there, or you'll run foul of us!
PROPOSED REDUCTION OF THE NAVY.
-- RENEWAL OF BRITISH OUTRAGES.
-- ENCOUNTER BETWEEN THE CHESAPEAKE AND LEOPARD.
The insult to the Chesapeake is now avenged.
-- THE UNITED STATES AND THE MACEDONIAN.
The captives lived in misery and squalor.
She must have a little more hulling.
-- THE ATTACK ON SACKETT'S HARBOR.
-- OLIVER HAZARD PERRY ORDERED TO LAKE ERIE.
-- THE CRUISE OF THE PRESIDENT.
-- ATTEMPTS TO ESCAPE THROUGH LONG ISLAND SOUND.
-- THE FLAG-SHIP STRUCK BY LIGHTNING.
-- ACTION BETWEEN THE CHESAPEAKE AND SHANNON.
-- CAPTURE OF A PERUVIAN PRIVATEER.
-- THE SQUADRON LAYS UP AT NOOKAHEEVAH.
Now, Jack, lively with yer left.
-------------------------- Rev. M.E.
---------------------------------------- Rev. Chas.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Rev. J.H.H.
................................
He did so and was carried off in a boat and sold.
I asked him about it, and he said Mamma.
======================= Miss D.E.
2.00 Ky. NEW HAMPSHIRE, $230.90.
Keyes 1.00 ------------ 20.60 VERMONT, $358.34.
Ch. 24.00 Chelsea, Member Cong.
Ch. to const. MISS 46.00 BLANCHE IRENE BRONSON L.M.
123,464.93 -------- $292,201.27 Income.
$358,685.20 FOR THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY.
We know nothing about them and we care less.
Oh, no, since your coming out, four years ago.
Tell that peon to get my coat, will you?
I have been away with my troops.
Boys, he called, you can come out now.
You shall fight me, you shall fight me to-morrow.
You've got him where you want him.
It is quite evident by your manners.
Oh, they think you're all right.
They know you got them their pay and all that.
Are you men all ready down there?
Can you make her out, MacWilliams?
If Ted approves we must all go down and worship.
That's why Clay treats the soldiers here so well.
She was laughing and looking directly at Clay.
I was as low and as desperate as that.
So she's been out every day, has she?
You won't go, she said, turning away.
You didn't do anything of the sort.
It is an attack on Madame Alvarez and myself.
Can you fix it on some one that you can fight?
We've no time for girls at present, have we?
They're no more soldiers than these waiters.
Come over here, boys, Clay called.
It sounds good, but it's all foolishness.
I might have known you'd be in that.
I'm sorry, but it's your own fault.
You'll have to go to jail and stay there.
That's better than going to jail.
Tell him to fire lower next time.
That's more important, even, than keeping them out.
I'll tell you the worst of it first.
Stuart and I put Burke safely in a cell by himself.
If you fire we will come up, he said.
Tie us and gag us, one of them begged.
And don't any of you fire unless I tell you to.
And the pressure of her hand seemed to add to me.
the Spanish woman cried, suddenly.
I will not leave Alvarez to that mob.
For God's sake, old man, don't leave me!
I do not care what they do to me!
Her voice was strained and hard.
They are foreigners--Americans.
You will be held responsible for every one of them.
Wait, the comandante called after him.
They haven't got enough clothes on.
Why did you treat me like this?
Under Mendoza you will be ruled by martial law.
I will be waiting in the street below.
He raised his revolver and pointed it steadily.
And then the climate tried her.
You don't understand, you really _are_ dense!
Do you think your mother would give me some lunch?
It's jolly rough on you--I'd like to kick the chap!
d'you think your Mother's really ...
Mother cuts her now whenever they meet.
And her name was in the papers.
Look here, old girl, you're coming to the Zoo?
In you go, Roddy, the coast's quite clear...
Exquisite she was: exquisite and inert.
What are you dreaming about, Cydonia?
Of course you're _supposed_ to be asleep.
She's simply dying to take it on.
Not married, are you, Mr. McTaggart?
I believe you've gone back to that velvet cap?
And if you take this part I'd hate you to feel ...
He knew that she lived in fear of the police.
McTaggart cursed the invisible one.
Better for you, sonnie, up with the dawn.
Bless you, my child, McTaggart mocked.
And I'll take her out and give her a treat.
Charming old lady, he suggested.
So I got put in the Black Book.
It's all wrong, sir, don't you see?
Because the English are born sheep!
Because you walk through a cold bath.
On your mother's side, I suppose?
You wouldn't be if I had my way.
He said: Madame--They are fools, fools, fools!
He don't come here to see _me_!
McTaggart barred her further progress.
McTaggart whispered in her ear.
He watched her lips move as she answered.
I hate to see you look like that.
H'are you--Where's your mother?
D'you like being a Nut, Stephen?
But she faced him still, breathless, white.
I'm very, ver-ry cross with you...
You're not going?--oh--Pierrot!
Cross the gypsy's and, my fine gentleman...
Beware of a dark woman!--she's playing you false.
Between two fires you will burn and burn ...
What's she doing here, dans cette galere?
Now, then, sir--haven't you a tongue?
Seems to me you're well out of it.
Not speaking Italian makes it worse.
God be praised that I see this day...
What was it the gipsy had said?
and a castle, my fine gentleman...
And then you appear--a true Italian!
And then, caro mio, I will find you a wife.
It would make poor Gino turn in his grave.
For Cadell rubbed salt into the sore!
That's the only way to treat them!
She'll like that--they always do!
I'm sick of being called Skivvy!
It's so tight over the chest I can hardly breathe.
You could make a fichu, couldn't you?
I'll tell Judy the party's off.
It's entirely your own fault if you do.
Ere you are, sir--h'all the winners...
Confound you, you've broken my wrist...
Hard as a rock!--you do look fit.
I prepared to receive a languid foreigner.
I'm jolly glad--I've been funking it.
And why on earth does she come here?
I suppose she's busy nursing your Mother?
Sitting up all night, you know.
Won't it be a surprise for her.
Bother, said Jill, I can't come now.
It's cowardly--but I hate them, Peter!
I haven't the slightest pity for her.
You haven't seen her, I suppose?
Mary's not fit to have children!
No. Roddy's been most discreet!
You're a very impertinent young man!
I've made up my mind, Mr. McTaggart.
It's a bad business for the children.
but you don't want an old woman like me!
Look at that line--d'you call that straight?
But babies are out of fashion now...
And now go and kiss your mother.
Between two fires you shall burn and burn.
I doubt it--he's pretty thick-skinned!
It's awfully smelly right in the harbour.
Sissignore--a letter last week.
But that's not the worst of it.
Nonsense!--Jill isn't like that.
with you hanging around all day long.
The thin stuff ripped down to her waist.
And when it failed he vanished--pouf!
But that is not all a man wants.
She said: One can see you are no lady.
Fantine--don't feel hurt, my dear.
He paused a moment, his face grim.
D'you think you could stand it?
He broke off, his eyes dilated.
Of course you'll send me out of your life.
You're a loser any way, you know.
You'd better go and have a drink.
My boy mocks them, safe by my side...
I'd like to have Stephen to myself for a little ...
In real life, he watched the girl.
The unconscious victim rustled through the hall.
You couldn't just now when they want you so.
You can't deceive an old woman like me!
he checked himself, his voice indignant.
I never heard such utter nonsense in all my life!
He checked the protest audaciously.
He ran a hand through the girl's arm.
I wonder what she's written here.
I've got rice all down my back.
It's about your mother, he went on.
It will do you good before the train.
You look like a little Teddy bear.
he leaned closer and whispered softly in her ear.
I'm going outside for a last smoke.
He'll have to kow-tow to you now, old lady.
He can come and smash my windows first.
They were rather a bad lot, all the same...
And you're worth it, you dearest child.
You're the loveliest woman in the world!
FULL CRY 292 L'ENVOI 344 ON THE HEELS OF DE WET.
Yet at its best De Aar is a miserable place.
That is all, yet this is life to the man off trek.
They are the plague of our lives.
A round, red, and somewhat puffy face.
Duty be hanged in the Imperial cause!
Good-bye and good luck to you, sir!
Your one argument is unanswerable.
A cigar is a big beacon, old chap!
Then we want a white guide and at least four boys.
Good evening, mister, come in here.
They have all gone with my man.
It was a typical South African nek.
So get along with your robbers.
O._ I'll send my men to look at them!
They are coming back for all they are worth.
For a moment the Boers return the fire.
Well, if there are no Boers it doesn't matter.
I don't like all these Free Staters about.
If they approach any closer I shall fire upon them.
Did you give him a guide, Mr Intelligence?
He slipped them in the dark, I bet.
Here, Mr Intelligence, off you go.
The third reason is just as deplorable.
If the Colonial has money he will drink.
One is wounded, the other a prisoner in our hands.
You will persist in misunderstanding me.
But I doubt if you know the worst!
You are not burning farms in the Colony!
The new general doesn't know me, but he soon will.
They are told to lie down and wait.
I will take the Kaffir with me.
Reliefs for the picket,--d----n!
Of the two, the officer has the worse time.
_Intelligence Officer_ (_wearily_).
I always said that the general's man was a fool.
He is not only a fool but a d----d fool!
My orders of last night stand until I come back.
The oppression of that still heat!
Also of what value are the British soldiers?
The British must be afraid of us!
We do treat the native as if we were afraid of him.
_F._ Are you a general, mister?
_F._ Oh, yes; they are nothing.
First, I must go through your rooms.
You would not tell us if you were.
I would hang that beast if I could catch him.
I will give five pounds if he is brought in alive.
_Bystander._ Magnificent she-cat!
I command this column: and now you will answer me.
They are a strange paradox these people.
they are bent on thwarting me every time.
Must leave you to act exactly as you think right.
Now, old man Baker, get out orders.
Madam, had you not better withdraw?
Now, get along, and don't waste time!
Get your men back to their positions, sir.
No casualties; have six prisoners.
Good-bye, and good luck to you.
and where the devil have you come from?
they just looked two comfortable old civie blokes.
WORDS BY AN EYEWITNESS: THE STRUGGLE IN NATAL.
The cops'll find you with whatever's in this.
Just stay put until the cops get here.
A woman answered with, Zero-eight-two-six.
Enjoy your stay in Atlanta, then she disconnected.
Manuel, put two sugars in hers, okay?
Avery fired at him on the sidewalk.
By God, she'd had magnificent legs.
Only if your friend, here, doesn't cooperate.
Was that your room you came out of?
You'd look absolutely great while you did it, too.
Admin types don't do stuff like that.
Vegas is full of great-looking, leggy blondes.
The word for that is opaque', ma'am.
You wouldn't have been sent here unprepared.
You were manufactured somewhere else.
Marjeel feebly tried to spit at Cade, but missed.
Why would I want to go to your room?
You don't usually sound insane, either.
I saw her there a little while ago.
Think you could handle that, ma'am?
She won't need one to get down, either.
Paul, this lovely superlady is Mandi Steele.
I was afraid to talk for fear of spitting on Paul.
Got involved with a dancer for a while.
A nice lady, but kind of obsessive.
Looking her over, Cade said, Could be.
You just volunteered to be her next victim.
Why doesn't she have a stick of her own?
He'll tell the others to leave you alone.
There are other ways to please a woman.
You can buzz around her, but don't get in her way.
The rest of her uniform must be inside it.
Men look at exposed female skin.
Her irritated gaze became a glare.
well, that was as super as the rest of her?
It would conjure explicit memories of her.
Computer says he's a ninety-five-plus face-match.
She just doesn't look enough like Mandi Steele.
The terrorists are operating as small cells.
Not all Muslims are terrorists.
That cop Avery was stunned, said one guy.
Didn't stop firing until he ran the clip dry.
The guy died pulling the trigger.
You really do sort of look like her, you know.
He's been a perfect gentleman around me.
They never gave me the chance to arrest them.
That's the way their little minds work.
With a wicked grin, she said, Well good.
Hey, you're a big girl with your own money, ma'am.
Like one of us flatly won't eat Mexican food?
If you really want Mexican food, go get some.
His eyes closed and his breathing was ragged.
Laughing, Cade asked, Are you kidding?
Beth snorted and said, Unbiased.
No Mexican food, and pulled the door shut.
I wasn't kidding about your legs, you know.
Put on a uniform sometime and try me.
I'd very much like to make love with you.
she hissed, glancing at the bartender.
No need to get all fuzzed up and rowdy.
My route north. I intend to memorize you, Beth.
I'm gonna taste you from your ankles up.
I'll be doing my best down there.
I want laid and you've got the duty.
She smacked his arm and said, Stop that.
Thanks for setting her up to get laid?
That's because you look like an unwrapped present.
You look great and you feel great.
I'm really going to enjoy nibbling on you.
Some few drops of it trickled down her chest.
Not toward the bed area or anywhere else.
She was already in bed when I got back to the room.
She was gone when I woke up this morning.
And you said you wouldn't say anything, right?
I really want another taste of you before you go.
God, I haven't felt like this in ages...
Fanks, Cade said around some ham and cheese.
one unrealizing squeeze while he'd been...
Maybe he could continue with Beth.
Slow and easy unless she's on top.
Do you understand what that means?
Around some steak, Cade said, Uh, huh.
I think you'd be disappointed, ma'am.
I'll bet you're like this all the time.
I learned a lot at that lady's knees.
Would saying thank you sound trite, ma'am?
Gimme an extra few minutes, ma'am.
You heard what he said about my eyes, didn't you?
More likely he'll tickle yours loose first.
Andrea snickered and Mandi laughed, Gee, thanks.
Or maybe he was just being a bit paranoid.
Andrea snorted and groaned softly, Oh, yeah, right.
I saw the end of that cable hit you twice.
If he became any more relaxed, he'd be asleep.
Andrea, he's all yours if you're sure.
You two stay put, she said with a grin.
It forms a cone of damage below the skin and...
You don't know me from Adam, so...
I'll bet that last part can take a while sometimes.
You triggered the release of a retrovirus.
So when I nibble you off I'll get another dose.
then he muttered, Not to mention your front...
All because of you, according to WNN.
Don't try to make me sound easy, you putz.
That woman can handle him, Mandi.
PAGE I. ROYALISTS AND RADICALS 1 II.
Her conquest was easy and profitable.
Parturiunt montes, nascetur ridiculus mus.
The results of this frigidity were disastrous.
Is it not obviously a Whig slander?
Nations cannot revolt; tyrants are the only rebels.
His position in this autumn is pathetic.
After him twenty-two other mutineers were hanged.
Few men have done more harm to England than Parker.
Dublin and the county are very bad.
The Irish malcontents were as ill informed as Pitt.
[512] Huffer, Quellen, i, 23-9.
Lord de Clifford is also unfriendly.
We will continue the war alone.
All is over with me even if I survive.
Anti-Jacobin, the, 327, 336, 337, 464.
Maroons, their atrocities in Jamaica, 237, 238.
Quigley (O'Coigly), hanged for treason, 350, 354.
Stralsund, Russians and Swedes at, 539.
They hanged witches and persecuted the Quakers.
No, but their bacon certainly is.
Damp guaranteed to come through every wall.
Dalrymple has no patience with the social system.
Then go to it, barked Mr. Daily.
AND YOU WON'T FORGET THE CREAM AS USUAL.
Wish people wouldn't be so infernally obliging.
They won't even be able to make a postman of me.
MUMMY, DOES GOD SEND US OUR FOOD?
GO TO BLANKETY--BLANK--BLANK--BLAZES.
* * * * * BAD BOYS AND THE BIRCH.
* * * * * ROMANCE WHILE YOU WAIT.
You can't get it anywhere else.
WELL, SIR, YOU'VE HAD ON EVERY HAT IN THE PLACE.
I'M SURE I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SUGGEST.
EVENTS IN THE FILIPINAS ISLANDS.
This was a very lawless act, and in contempt of me.
They are densely inhabited by natives.
It contains about forty discalced religious.
In it all the Spaniards are treated.
CONQUEST OF THE MALUCAS ISLANDS.
Dedicated to King Felipe III, Our Sovereign.
They were all beheaded and thrown into the sea.
Then he confederated anew with our enemies.
[_cuerpo de Dios_] and attack them!
[56] This custon still exists.--_Rizal_.
[192] Vigan or Bigan.--_Rizal_.
Flocks 32 CHAPTER IV WORSTED YARN Carding, Combing.
The name is from the hard twisted lash of a whip.
Black, gray, and black with white.
What name is given to this fluffy rope?
Work skein No. 2 in bath for 10 minutes cold.
Cut it, then, you miserable humbug.
I've got such a beastly temper.
You know what I want, I suppose?
Wonder he did not break your neck!
But seriously, Vincent, you have one great failing.
Mind and get an Arab; they suit the country.
You'll get it if you deserve it.
Let's see, what was your uncle?
Oh, I say, what a jolly impostor you are, Gil.
Well, all I can say is as he don't look it.
Why don't they throw her a life-buoy?
I dare say they'll bring her to.
They are as nothing compared to a human life.
I took everything out of your wet things.
Ah, you are talking nonsense, boy.
Oh, I don't know, I replied haughtily.
It won't do with me; I'll cut it out of you.
No, that's too cold, I said, laughing.
Are you allowed to knock people about like that?
But you haven't swallowed your drink.
You saw what a fool I made of myself this morning.
You, a mere calf in just learning your drill.
You don't think there is going to be war, do you?
This fellow is always on the drink.
he whispered, dey say Private Smith going to die.
A soldier don't want an invalid wife.
what a gushing girl you are, Gil Vincent!
Because of your seat in the saddle, boy.
Do you mean that as an insult, sir?
No, you may not, cried Barton, offensively.
Your insolence has been beyond bounds.
Which he daren't do, I cried angrily.
I can't help it, I cried angrily.
Him a soldier; and a coward like that!
You're a young goose--gander, I mean.
I'm not going to have any of that nonsense.
No, sahib; he stays with the men.
Come, out with it, Dost, I said.
If he likes to turn disagreeable, let him.
There, be off, and a good day's sport to you.
Then the Hindoos don't like it?
Well, I do, and I think you are foolish.
Better stick to him, even if he does stir you up.
There isn't room for them in a civilised land.
The poor fellow has been wounded--badly, too!
We have eaten salt and are brothers.
To bring these madmen to their senses.
Rajah, you will let the hathees bear us back?
No. You are with the enemy, sir.
Tell him I must order my people to stop you.
To where men are faithful to their Queen.
Thank God, we've found you at last!
the cowardly, traitorous wretches!
No, no, sahib, cried the Hindu, excitedly.
I said, with my lips close to his ear.
There, lie down on that charpoy.
Any one would think he was being strangled.
I heard you blacking my character behind my back.
I want every man I have to fight.
Come, soldier, it was in self-defence.
I know the man; Lieutenant Barton's syce.
It's mental pain, because I'm so helpless.
You're a hale, hearty man, and will soon recover.
Don't disturb him, poor fellow.
And you won't leave me behind, sir, to the crows?
And you are very young yet, my lad.
Then I will speak, I said through my teeth.
I'll go with you now if I die for it.
Your life or mine may depend upon it.
I depend on you, Dobbs, my boy.
The order was given, Cease firing!
Then why do you look so strange?
Retreat and leave these scoundrels in possession?
For by sundown nothing of you will be left alive.
A flag of truce is not to protect traitors.
he cried, fiercely, I don't moind a bit.
My lads will fight to the last.
He is waiting for night before attacking.
You are weak, but you will live and soon be well.
There, mind no more of the brutes get in.
And then I went to sleep, to dream about snakes.
I mentally exclaimed, what a fool I am!
You are laughing at me--making fun of me.
No, he said; your people are conquered.
He is only mean and vain like others.
You must not play the sick man any longer.
And then they shall wear boots like your men.
You are angry, and an angry man makes more.
You are behaving very well, boy.
I am not hurrying you, for you're still too weak.
He has been attacked by budmashes, said another.
Drive the reviling old rascal away.
I am not going to be insulted by that old dog.
You are the master here, and can do as you please.
I meant a sham tiger to fly at me and claw me.
To disguise yourself as a fakir?
Let him stay and curse the rajah when he comes.
Not he, I said, in a voice full of contempt.
Now, he said, go, and take no more notice of me.
You tried to rise by the downfall of me and mine.
Yes, when you were weak and suffering.
You would not wish to see me degrade myself?
I am your maharajah and your king.
There, I cannot be angry with you, boy.
I had no doubt about Dost tracking me out.
Then the English are not driven out?
One of the bheesties must be Dost!
I wonder that he did not want me to stain my skin!
I'm sunburnt enough to look like a Sikh.
There is only one way, I said to myself, angrily.
You have no friends, he said sternly.
You say you would, have fled to your friends.
You have been fighting with them.
I have been fighting with enemies of my country.
It is not safe with the lads like this.
I want orders to pursue; I can't stay here.
None, I said, and I look like a enemy.
Your sleep is doing you no good.
You are bathed in perspiration.
One of the spies I sent in, he replied coldly.
Your appearance belies your words, sir.
So you would be Ny Deen's artillery general, eh?
It is impossible, he said coldly.
That is so low, that it will not stop you.
Gil!--your mother--your sister?
You're too young to understand these things.
Both exhibited extensive emphysema.
A boat landing was nonsensical!
He found himself thinking panicky profanity.
I wouldn't do too well on Timbuk.
Amerinds died there quicker than most.
Now, what the devil does that mean?
He would die of the heat at night, here!
Why leave here to board a derelict?
Lewanika's nephew will beat that within a week!
You Indians go after your coups!
I think we've wiped your eye for you!
Do you want to go in the shed and cool off?
as big as the tip of a fly's eyelash!
PLATO'S APOLOGY, CRITO AND PHAEDO OF SOCRATES.
I must make my defense, then, O Athenians!
For each of these, O Athenians!
9. From this investigation, then, O Athenians!
That I am not guilty, then, O Athenians!
Not from contumacy, O Athenians!
But, reputation apart, O Athenians!
There is nothing so suitable, O Athenians!
But this is not difficult, O Athenians!
I say, then, to you, O Athenians!
than that which you have inflicted on me.
Stay with me, then, so long, O Athenians!
Punish my sons when they grow up, O judges!
CRITO; OR, THE DUTY OF A CITIZEN.
And we say that you, O Socrates!
PHAEDO; OR, THE IMMORTALITY OF THE SOUL.
and if more just, from more unjust?
It is not visible to men, Socrates, he replied.
[27] Namely, that it is better to die than to live.
THE PROSE WORKS OF JONATHAN SWIFT VOL.
Then may I be still _illiterate_.
But then; is not the punishment sufficient?
[T.S.]] [Footnote 9: Wet stockings.
These men were then called Tories.
CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE INTELLIGENCER.
[T.S.] THE INTELLIGENCER, NUMB.
[T.S.]] THE INTELLIGENCER, NUMB.
English tongue, corruption of the.
ENCOUNTER WITH A HIGH TIBETAN OFFICIAL 47 VII.
FOLLOWED BY TIBETAN SOLDIERS 150 XVI.
These fellows are friends of the dacoits.
The Magbun could not decide of his own accord.
They must abandon you during the night.
The Tibetans were even getting unpleasant.
We feared that they had been captured and beheaded.
I had no idea my head was so valuable!
They said they preferred sleeping down there.
They were all severely punished there and then.
My followers suffered intense pain.
We will harm no one, and pay for all.
_Middu, Middu!_ (Cannot be, no!) You are brigands.
The Tibetans were too friendly to be trusted.
The Lamaseries are usually rich.
If you die, we will die with you.
Chakzal wortzie!_ (We salute you, we salute you!
They were unscrupulous, cruel, and unjust.
The officer scrambled away, screaming.
We laughed at the Tibetans and their comical ways.
No part of a Tibetan tent was ever clean.
They spat upon me and threw mud at me.
This, then, is the punishment for you!
One brutal Lama seized him roughly by the throat.
Mansing was likewise suspended opposite me.
The ropes were still there cutting into my flesh.
This time with my legs stretched not so far apart.
I unfortunately swallowed a few drops.
The drink proffered me was poisoned.
The _Plenkis_ are afraid to fight the Tibetans.
He was told that I had been beheaded.
They ill-treated us in every possible way.
The Tibetans were terror-stricken.
Chanden Sing was then tied down and flogged.
I was put in a room and my hands tied to a pole.
What are you stopping so long for, papa?
Wont mamma's room be larger than this?
That is a yoke, and they are used to it.
I'll do all the swearing that's done on the place.
He's gone, papa; my pretty donkey is lost.
I'm doin to be dood dirl, Bertie, mamma say so.
Have the diggers gone away, papa?
at the same time putting a piece in his own mouth.
You've been at it too often already.
to see Her like a benediction fleshed!
Then bold is Ontzlake, Damas cowardly.
May God deliver you for mercy, sirs!
To rot here harder; I will fight his foe.
My life for thine, thus bartered lip to lip!
For, lie fleshed in truth, She shrivels to a hag!
Are all not children of the same weak mold?
great gods incarnate of his kind!
The Devil guards his mysteries close as God.
Proud, wicked head and hair blue-black!
And never wist he what a witch Was that one there.
I get all sunburnt and hard--hard as anything!
He doesn't answer, he exclaimed.
she cried, you are thinking of the Congo.
The natives are free and the work is easy.
Me, he scoffed, I didn't do nothing.
You can not make Americans that way.
The new immigration did not speak our language.
They have added nothing to themselves.
He is simply the leader of Russians.
That was the dream of the egotist.
These influences will not touch you lightly.
The drudge has a right to respect himself.
Your science has forever to disown its past.
Is it always penetrating, they ask?
My life was wasted, utterly wasted.
The Cap'n is a little brown man, for that matter.
She never said a thing was very black.
She looked black as the proverbial.
He was a failure, born of a family of failures.
Give me companionship or I die!
Have you got the courage, Nancy?
Fancy you, Phil Poland, denouncing it as crooked!
Taunt me as much as ever it pleases you.
she must never know of my shame, Arnold.
You are prepared to face arrest--eh?
I need no introduction, m'sieur.
You are here to arrest me--I know.
The man speaks English like an Englishman.
And she was undoubtedly English, after all!
You don't know--you are ignorant.
Would my friendship be so repugnant to you, then?
you do not know the real facts!
Only have a care of yourself, I beseech of you!
Go, Mr. Biddulph; go and save yourself.
Your rudeness was perfectly justifiable, Browning.
Before you, my dear sir, there lies an open grave.
What do you mean by this, you infernal blackguards!
I owe you nothing, you infernal swindler!
And make yourselves scarce afterwards, eh?
Even if you are a hawk, you're caged.
We are men of our word, remember!
Do as you will, I refuse to be blackmailed.
She tried to warn you, and you refused to heed her.
What are you doing, you blackguards?
You shall pay for this, I warrant.
Yet were they not absolute blackguards?
We're so much alike--us red uns.
Our only fear is of the police.
Oh, sir, he laughed, that's Mad Arry.
Their motives are always hidden ones.
No, they had already prepared my grave.
You do not know what you are saying.
I know these men only too well.
They still intend that you shall die!
They naturally fear that you will tell the police.
They snap their fingers at the police of Europe.
Put aside all this cant and hypocrisy.
Speak out, like a man of the world that you are.
Let me meet him face to face, I said in defiance.
Of late there was a desperate attempt upon my life.
The foreigner remained silent for a few moments.
It was no doubt lucky for you that he was arrested.
Was this Frenchman one of them?
Otherwise misfortune will occur to you.
Don't beat about the bush any longer.
Remember, I am now your husband.
My enemies are now aware that I'm quite wide awake.
Their only fear is while he remains alive.
Only just to get a drink and fill up with petrol.
But the young foreigner has it!
Carry out my orders, that's all.
I certainly intend doing so, I answered angrily.
Do you intend to cast a slur upon her?
At present, monsieur, I must refuse.
Therefore my antagonism increased.
His arrest is demanded for breaking from prison.
AND HIS CHILD-QUEEN.] * * * * * ST.
She is much too young, he was told.
CHASED BY WOLVES BY GEORGE DUDLEY LAWSON.
Too much low; Indian break em head; look out.
What a girlish little face it was!
Put your hands in your pockets.
Boys of your age don't pet babies in that way.
It is nothing but a farce, mere babyishness.
You got a hard knock, but you're coming on.
The next time you'll jump like a man.
You were always wiser than your mother, child.
THE LARGEST VOLCANO IN THE WORLD BY SARAH COAN.
You'll be as old as farver in forty sousand years.
I am sick of it, and I want to rest.
says Willie, the beefeaters didn't come!
Do beefeaters eat lots of beef, mamma?
* * * * * MARS, THE PLANET OF WAR.
Well, if you aint the laziest man--!
No law of mine can stop this awful thing.
I, your king, am as helpless as a child to stop it.
What do you want, young cobbler?
Are you ready to go and see her, Jim?
So much for the dear little people.
Poor little Tweet was frightened and hurt.
And so will you, my chicks, Jack verily believes.
Behead, and leave one of Noah's sons.
Behead, and leave a verb signifying to strike.
Behead, and leave an ancient coin.
Curtail, and leave an article used in toilets.
Behead, and leave a preposition.
8. Tom Thumb is a tiny specimen of humanity.
DIAGONAL PUZZLE.--Grand, Prate.
B. S._ 129 ALPHABET FRANCAIS, Un.
Cranch_ 406 CHARCOAL-BURNERS FIRE, The.
Picture 399 EMERGENCY MISTRESS, The.
F. B._ 465 FOX, THE MONKEY, AND THE PIG, The.
6, 41, 359, 404, 412, 465 JOHN AND HIS VELOCIPEDE.
Woolf_ 455 *LARGEST VOLCANO IN THE WORLD, The.
_David Ker_ 436 MASTER MONTEZUMA.
Drawn by F. Opper 146 NOW, OR THEN?
Eytinge) _Sarah Winter Kellogg_ 514 ONLY A DOLL.
Mueller_ 519 POEMS BY TWO LITTLE AMERICAN GIRLS.
Wells Champney_ 431 SHEPHERD-BOY, The.
_Emily S. Oakey_ 241 SILLY GOOSE, The.
SNEEZE DODSON'S FIRST INDEPENDENCE DAY.
We've got to loosen up, sock em!
He printed on his scratch-screen: CIRGAMESC.
Sirgamesk is a Javanese planet, isn't it?
You saw him with your own eyes, eh?
He suffered search of an intimate nature.
If you will allow me to conduct you....
That, said Ali-Tomas, is a sjambak.
What's that metal object on his chest?
By that you may know all sjambak.
Just where do your desires lie?
I saw one of them in that cage out there.
Where do the sjambaks hide out?
My advice to you, Murphy, is lay off the sjambaks.
They're not healthy around here.
That'll get Ali in an awful sweat.
I never said what I'm gonna say.
Believe it or not, Ali wants a _jehad_.
Mystical dances, human sacrifice?
There's this sjambak in the cage.
You look at all the pretty girls?
I did not know you for a man of learning!
There are better things to do and see.
That's why the twenty of you are here.
Hands pulled Murphy in, unclamped his dome.
A respirator was held to his nostrils.
The crime recorded on his own camera!
Oh, even to tell it now My courage ebbs...
His face was clay, mother, His beard, cobwebs.
Lady, lovely lady, Careless and gay!
RETROSPECT: THE JESTS OF THE CLOCK.
AMERICAN FINANCES AND RESOURCES.
RESPECTFULLY DEDICATED TO PROFESSOR GUYOT.
Americans can never be satisfied to be underlings.
Not so, not so, retorted the maniac.
Such a heart you possess, Joel Burns!
Your sister has run away with a low, vile swindler.
She is no longer my child--I disinherit her!
* * * * * FOOTNOTES: [1] Or Black Head.
plutonium core of the bomb, in case the 5,300 lbs.
And of course you encourage him!
You read with him and study with him!
Why he'll finish as a fusty old don.
But that was when you were a child.
Augustine dear, you are foolish.
Some things you must accept as your punishment.
Bertram's patience gave way, You are mad, he said.
She likes that, one can see it.
You don't seem to remember the facts.
Perhaps this is more the world than you think.
What a strange young man you are.
I am your friend and your mother's friend.
You are everything in my life and he is nothing.
Try to forgive me for my violence last night.
You do love me--you darling nun!
He paused, but only for a moment.
Ah, but, you see, that's just why you are one.
You are very tired, more tired than the other day.
And this adds to Augustine's hatred, she said.
You won't be so mad as to tell him?
haven't you been punished enough, good heavens!
I will not have him come near you with his love.
And he could not have divorced me, because of you.
I've lived; you have dreamed your life away.
You haven't even a reality to mourn the loss of.
You are devilishly impertinent, I may tell you.
Not that I want to turn you out.
Only, you must see that you behave.
I won't have you making her wretched.
You are not in all your mother's secrets.
If you do deny it it won't help you.
I've always known you were evil.
I am going up to see your mother.
I am going to spend the night here.
It would be a fight first, you know.
Augustine's hand was on his throat.
Kiss me, dear Augustine, she said.
Don't be cruel and punish me for too long a time.
Do you really deceive yourself?
You are free, and you must leave me.
I am none of your JURE DIVINO folks.
Farewell, proud and unforgiving woman.
Definitions in a circle are, of course, worthless.
Worse, performing illegal abortions on the craft.
The Just Society lost another Vietnam.
SIXTIES HANGOVER We have all been here before.
Are you listening Paul and Paula?
Even uglier, this new argot of the eighties.
CHAIN LETTER I'm sitting in a sixties bar.
Bars on the windows, cages around the intellect.
Such a man deserved such treatment.
It is too repulsive to laugh at.
Pierrette was made to be gay, but she was sad.
She died of grief and misery two years later.
they are no greater fools than I was, he added.
Bad weather for sales, said that pair of imbeciles.
he's got a pretty wife and is sure to get on.
And such people set up to be proud!
Your cousin doesn't like noise.
What can you expect from the anti-national party!
Then you shall be sent back whence you came.
But you've played into my hands.
here you are, lovesick young lady!
And perhaps you didn't talk to your lover, either?
No cousin, I went to look out and I saw a peasant.
You know that to lie is a mortal sin?
he was no peasant, you little viper.
You had better dare to give me the lie!
I don't know; she had to go to bed.
But, he said aloud, what else can you do with her?
are you out of your mind, my dear Sylvie?
He turned as white as your collar.
you want us to think you are ill, you little liar!
she said to him, looking directly in his face.
She was a Chargeboeuf, the other a Lorrain.
She must be hurt, said Desfondrilles.
Your grandmother is more to you than they.
Always lying; you'll never get to heaven that way.
You have no idea of the perversity of that child.
Where is the pain, my little friend?
The Tiphaines will do their best to get you there.
Have you heard what Vinet says?
Vinet is hand in glove with Madame Tiphaine.
Mere prejudice, replies Monsieur Desfondrilles.
That act of courage was completely wasted.
Chapeloud was right, he said; he is a monster!
The said Sophie Gamard is armed with claws.
I don't care a fig for the Abbe Troubert.
No, monsieur, he is no longer there.
Mademoiselle Gamard died the next day.
It is a test to which Troubert puts you.
The poor old man will be buried in a living tomb.
If you are a sample of her, she must be stylish!
Your son has a glorious future before him.
You will make your child unhappy, that's all.
You do love him, then, poor persecuted fellow?
He's no fool, that nephew of yours.
You!--are you going to fight a duel?
I'll catch him at it, the scamp!
For my part, I'd paint for the devil.
I took all there was last night, after dinner.
The devil is always meddling in our affairs.
Cursed fool that I was, I forgot it.
For you, dear mother, I'd suffer martyrdom.
He is, what he always has been, a vile scoundrel.
Adieu, my little Agathe; may God help you!
That go myself made Joseph tremble in his skin.
Go to Issoudun with your mother.
you are a mother just as Raphael was a painter.
And you will always be a fool of a mother!
Issoudun would have benumbed Napoleon.
Where do you come from, little girl?
Yes, you shall be --mistress here.
Men of his nature want certainty.
The luck that only comes to pretty girls.
look at my uncle Borniche-Herau.
she cried; you have neither heart nor soul!
Do you want to know what you are?
I always answer, a poor innocent like that?
I wonder what they did last night.
It concerns you and me and that old fool.
Ah, Max, you've found your match!
Find out what sort of people they are.
The you was a declaration of war.
Are not you big enough to dress your own self?
Max and I will be gone, never to return.
what a head you've got, my angel!
No, no, madame; swallow the pill.
You can see your face on the floors.
Try to get alone with your uncle.
Men must work --I am sorry you are going.
You've made an easy haul out of your uncle!
Take her to her room and stay there, both of you.
Wouldn't you prefer to see him guillotined?
said one of the gendarmes to an angry group.
Yes, yes, they shall guillotine him!
They are going to guillotine him!
my dear, never until we meet above.
That you betrayed your comrades.
You, my grandsons, the spies of such a man!
Pack your things; you shall go hang elsewhere!
As you behave, so shall I behave to you.
Maxence is afraid of me, but he can't evade me.
Listen to me, said Maxence in a harsh voice.
when he does, I'll give him a talking to.
These civilians are crying you down!
Bridau has set all these bourgeois on you.
You can't back down, Max; you must meet Bridau.
Do you wish to be called a coward?
I will have that money before I fight, he said.
If I die, it shall not go to Philippe.
They mean to rob you and abandon you.
said Philippe to his adversary coldly.
Light your pipe with this letter.
Your life, my daughter, has been one long error.
The less my family is seen, the better my position.
my dear friends, do you want to know what vice is?
SELF-RELIANCE OF THE COLONISTS.
A WALKING TRIP TO PUERTO PRINCIPE.
He had never seen a Cuban, I believe.
So much for the character of the Cubans.
The Cubans are rather an abstemious people.
When I need more money, I pick more bananas.
Why wasn't I smoking, I wonder!
And really, Mr. Territon, you're very ignorant.
You must treat him with respect, young man.
By Jove, does she make you do that?
I like the way quite pale people blush, he said.
I think yours is a very bad way.
You probably would not care to explain why.
You know I think you're all wrong?
Girls are not supposed to see anything.
Think, if you go, it must all come out!
I shall offend you more than ever.
A disposition toward what boys call scoring.
I came down here to do nothing.
You're not fit to black his boots.
I don't think so; but a man can't tell.
It's not my doing; he looked like that.
Why, Lane, you're as bad as a child.
If he saw it, said Eugene, he'd hang himself.
What have you done with the Pope?
That vow of his is all nonsense, ain't it?
Do you think I care about that?
You're a very rude _old_ gentleman!
said Claudia, suddenly and aggressively.
Enough of talking, and enough of reasoning!
Of course you put it as unattractively as you can.
Its positively uncomplimentary!
I think that is less bad than anything else.
Can't get her morning absolution, you know.
But Morewood will never admit he's been educated.
I don't think you know what I am going to do now.
Why do you make me be so aggressive?
I believe you're trying to make me angry.
He's very angry, or he'd never have been so rude.
No, he'd tell me to mind my own business.
I wonder if Rick is too great a fool?
No; lead him the devil of a life.
Rick, Rick, you do not amuse me.
Kate, you know Lane; you know what he is.
Why, he deliberately insulted you!
She's afraid he'll throw her over.
It's untrue; you know it's untrue.
Didn't Eugene treat me shamefully?
If he flirted a little, it was in part your fault.
Come, Miss Bernard, don't be foolish.
I suppose you're proud of yourself now!
First eavesdropping, and then bullying a girl!
Good thing I've got a sister to keep me straight!
Brothers are annoying at times.
Why, it's all nonsense, you know.
But most people are so thin-skinned.
I suppose you think that-- Bosh?
Why, your own people say so, don't they?
Then the devil help you, if you rely on him!
My young friend, are you trying to deceive me?
You must have misunderstood her.
Ah, there's your beastly vanity?
Oh, by Jove, this is the devil!
Fancy his cutting up like this.
What the deuce do you all see in that parson?
But no, I don't want to listen now.
And she didn't stop me in--in that way.
And you ought to know what I think.
My dear Eugene, aren't you deceiving yourself?
I think, you know, you're deceiving yourself.
You destroy all my esteem for you.
you don't know what a man's love is.
You have no right to speak like that.
Let me tell you what you are-- No, I never can.
I am beyond friendship, as I am beyond conscience.
Now, you think I don't understand your feelings.
That's not the only thing with you.
I'm a lazy devil; but I have some power.
You might be a greater than ever I could.
Some People are as Fortunate as They Deserve to be.
I can't stand this much longer.
So I have run you down at last?
Eugene, try to get tired of me last of all.
You are a perpetual refreshment.
I would rather-- He'd picturesquely drown himself?
He has joined the Church of Rome.
If you don't, the luck's agin you.
When you raise peanuts you're raisin trouble.
Yes, sir, he's leetle, but he's plum full of grit.
A boy and a beanstalk will grow, you know.
What would you do with her, papa?
You aren't trying to understand that, are you?
Dey ain no manners en dey ain no nuttin.
En dar ain none like her lef roun yer now.
De quality en de po folks is all de same ter her.
Ain't I tell you she wuz plum crazy?
The she-ep hev been driv-en u-p!
You're as good as a hand, and I can't spare you.
I--I don't want to be like you, pa!
I declare, if you don't all but drive me daft!
The Lord knows I'm used to waitin.
Look yer, boy, what you doin dar?
Are all heads afire where you come from?
I say, Eugie, here're some freckles for sale!
Ef'n it's gone, hit'll stay gone!
What do you think that fool Ish has done?
I ain got no fault ter fine wid you.
Then what do you mean by turning fool at your age?
Are you never going to mind what I say to you?
O papa, she ain't black; she's jes yellow-brown.
Eugenia, will you never stop talking like a darkey?
I wouldn't have a dog that was a coward.
He wuz born a syndicate en he'll die er syndicate.
De Debbil, he ain gwine tu'n m en de Lawd he can't.
Dar ain no relyin on him, noways.
He ain wuth no dervogin', he ain.
I'll send them packing, bag and baggage.
You'd better get a drink of water first.
I've a taste for sober colours in men and caliky.
Bless yo soul, sis Verbeny, dey wan't dat ar way.
he cried, doze wuz times, en dese ain't times!
I don't care, retorted Eugenia.
Eugie, you know where liars go.
Ef dar ain anur er Betsey's babies!
Dis ain't de place fer po folks, she added.
The greatest privilege of my life, ma'am!
He's got to be worthy of her, sir.
Let him try it, the young scamp!
Oh, Lord, no. You aren't really a fool, Nick.
You'll certainly cry very loud.
He obeyed her, flushing beneath her scrutiny.
It's a good, strong kind of ugliness, anyway.
There, good-bye, dear, dear Nick Burr, good-bye!
Lord, what a man you are, Nick!
But you'd set yo mind on it, an you've got it.
A fool still--but I've found it out.
The children he swore at or ignored.
You ain't countin in eatin', I s'pose?
Don't you come back to raisin things on this land.
A farmer's got to be born, same as a fool.
And you are quite sure he fancies Sally?
Would it not be wise to prepare her, my dear?
I come like a bolt from the blue.
and did you bury Jim in the graveyard?
She wants to starve me, the tyrant, he declared.
I tell you he's a scamp, ma'am--a regular scamp!
Keep her in the stables, for all I care.
Damme, sir, do you want to make me lose my temper?
A little tyrannical angel with a temper.
Such were your angelic characteristics.
Of course not--because I didn't care a--a rap.
I have work to do, thank God, and I do it.
So I ain't goin to open my mouth.
I don't suppose you come up to that?
Oh, she's handsome enough, Tom carelessly replied.
I may see many, but it won't alter my view of you.
You aren't a bit too large for your height.
You know from what I came and what I am.
You have been looking at the sun.
I will work until they let me have you.
Can't you lick a blamed Yankee?
Tell me, she insatiably demanded.
I told you once I liked your hand, she said.
he demanded as he looked at her.
Eugie, you must go to bed early.
Like to see em at each other, wouldn't you?
They aren't all like you, sir, he declared.
They don't take kindly to your carrot locks.
I am too good-looking to care, she replied.
Dar's too much monkeyin mixed up wid it fur me.
De bed ain't helt stiddy sence.
Ain't she a sight ter mek a blin man see?
It's the same thing, retorted the general testily.
You've slept too long, she said.
I must be loved or I shall die.
We hate a railroad as a bull hates a red flag.
yelled the floor, and Go in and win yourself!
He has missed his deserts, he returned harshly.
You ain't thinkin of gettin married, air you?
I've no time for such nonsense.
You're not looking well, by the way.
The party's all right, and it's going to stay so.
Now Webb is like Withers, only smarter.
You're a sad flatterer, Dudley!
A woman gives an air to things, you know.
You needn't shake your head, mamma.
Tell her you'd rather kiss a man every time.
You are hard--as hard as life, she said.
If she doesn't tell you, it will die with her.
If she went, she'd drag him after.
Nick, for God's sake, leave our friend alone.
But I tell you, he's signed his own warrant.
I'll fight and I'll win, or my name's not Burr!
Lawd, Miss Euginny, dis yer ain gwineter hu't you.
You shan't touch me with it, Delphy.
He's monst'ous hard on po folks.
Why, I saw one slap a baby once.
And nine of you died, Eugenia solemnly retorted.
You made me miserable--it wasn't right of you!
I'll len em bofe, if you want em, boss.
Dey's a lot er coloured folks in dis State, suh.
An dey's all got a vote des de same es de white?
an he gwine shuffle me right spang out.
You know this, and the world must know it.
If you do not stop it, I shall.
Diggs isn't on the best of terms with me, you know.
Times have changed since I had you in my sto.
You're free, Caesar--do you hear, you're free!
He saw red, and the sudden rage upheld him.
Are you seriously trying to fill me up?
the wisdom of the calf of Matyobane!
Why are the swine so infernally aggressive?
You, Isipau, addressing Blachland.
All the same, he ought to be ashamed of himself.
An arm stole around her, imprisoning her tightly.
No wonder you've done no good prospecting.
What's that you're grinning at, you little scamp?
Work no well done, missis fault.
But was she not tantalising herself too?
You'll have to give me a shakedown here.
The excuse was too transparent.
Because it is you, don't you see?
I want to give you a word of warning.
They're getting more out of hand than ever.
Still, I think I'll go, darling.
You did it with your eyes open.
You're only just talking, you know.
I think you are tired of it, she flashed.
And you are going to make it known to me.
Now, Hlangulu, men are men, and men have motives.
Was the brute going to attack him?
Oh, never mind about the stink-ant, he said.
Really, you are getting perfectly unmanageable.
Ssh-- with a hand over his mouth.
Now you're getting beyond me, Justin.
That old fossil doesn't appreciate you.
That out-and-out irreclaimable scamp!
As to that you know your own business best.
I daren't trust him, that scamp.
Hilary is an irreclaimable scamp.
He went off with the woman instead.
And there's no denying he did want you badly.
Hard is the one thing your uncle could not be.
Why, he's the softest hearted man in existence.
Now, good-bye my boy, and God bless you.
Had to wait until dark to get down.
We'd better push the nags on a bit.
We watched you from beyond the third gate.
A good-looking young fellow like that!
But I expect you're talking heresy all the same.
Man, here's a whacking big snake!
First of all, what the deuce was she doing there?
Hermia masquerading as instructor of youth!
You said I couldn't be counted a Britisher.
I say, Bayfield, you'll be the next.
I'd become sick of it by that time, he went on.
I did it for a freak--and--a reason.
She would make an ideal adventuress.
I didn't come here and `make a fool of him.
He is much younger than you, too.
You don't catch this weasel asleep.
You are over head and ears in love with her.
There's your gee in the kraal now.
You'll live to thank me till your dying day.
Every time I see her I dislike her more.
But what a silly boy that young West must be.
That woman has told you a tissue of lies.
Now go back and get this business over.
Great Scott, here's a nuisance!
Here you are, Blachland, handing him two.
I don't know that writing a hang.
She won't be long there after that.
Of course I'm going to see you off.
And I'm a little fool, that's all.
They were not fools, these English.
[Note: That Bull did not gore (merely).
I tell you what it is, Blachland.
For God's sake, don't leave me!
What price having to eat snake?
The dreaded _izikwakwa_ are broken now.
I don't want you, Percy, said Blachland.
Don't be a fool, Spence, said Blachland kindly.
Only an old sack dropped during the march.
I was going to crawl to the river and end it all.
I'm hit in two places--mortally.
For the looks of most of you are not friendly.
It only remained to sell his life dearly.
That out and out irreclaimable scamp!
They're ungrateful dogs the pair of them.
Are you still pleased, little Lyn?
Ow dare you force yourself where you ain't wanted?
It gives me the fair creeps to look at him.
at im and wiping er lips with the ankercher.
She'll wait a long time if I ave my say.
That's ow it is widders get married agin.
She's been keeping company for some time.
We'll see whether she can shake me off agin.
And it'll serve her right for being deceitful.
Change your mind pretty quick, don't you?
Behave yourself, Charlie, ses Ted.
She says he ain't as big as I am.
Don't ave none of your nonsense there, that's all.
Sophy's young man is coming, she ses.
Heaven bless and watch above thee.
Its gayeties but make my heart more sad.
I'll take thy life but I will know.
Oh, Louis, I will gladly die to save thee.
Kneel not to me, I will not pardon.
Then die: thy constancy is useless.
Hugo, use well thy dagger, and gold awaits thee.
Hugo stabs and drags him from the stage.
Ah, he comes,--nay, tis the ruffian Hugo.
I mean thy sinful deeds are known.
My lord, I scorn thy love, and I defy thy hate.
Work thy will, I fear thee not.
But I will yet win thee, and then beware!
Girl, mock me not; come forth, I say.
Old Norna's curse ends but with thy life.
This cup shalt be thy last, good Hugo!
Ha!--now give me gold or I will betray thee.
I'll have no more of thee, false lord!
He will never harm us more; his crimes are known.
Ah, tis no dream,--I am fettered!
Oh, fool, fool that I have been!
Thy victims are avenged, and Norna's work is done.
See, see,--the demons gather round me!
Bernardo, lord of fair Castile, is a traitor.
I return successful, or I return no more.
I will return victorious, or no more.
Rest here, Ione, and weep for me no more.
Farewell, and may the gods forever bless thee!
The gods preserve me, I will not stay!
Oh, Cleon, would I could die with thee!
Here, Mother,--_I_ will seek the camp of Mohammed.
I offer ransom, and they will not harken.
I have said Cleon shall die, and, by Allah!
On yonder plain, cold in their graves.
Great Mohammed, let me not plead in vain.
Tis bitter thus to die, ingloriously and alone.
Nay, I have knelt for the last time unto Mohammed.
Prepare, young Greek; we must away.
I will not listen to thee more.
Thy sin will yet be known, and may God pardon thee!
Leave me not now or I shall die!
He has suffered, as he well deserves to do.
I heed thee not [_turns away haughtily_].
Wilt enter that lone cell and perish there?
I never loved thee, now I scorn thee.
Can I not make thee tremble, haughty woman?
Oh, this is a bitter punishment for me.
[_Kneels beside her._] Nina [_rousing_].
You and I apprehend the INFINITE ONE.
Truth will come to the surface!
Here it is speaking for itself.
BIBLIOGRAPHY Books Bubnoff, J.V.
He believed me a rogue and treated me as such.
A hypocrite, to use plain language.
Dalton is either a knave or a fool.
I never meddle with things that don't concern me.
Eldridge is not his first victim.
It was all a lie--the scoundrel!
You will have to make advances.
I call him little better than a scamp.
Am I not the most unfortunate man in the world?
I wonder why it is that he gets along so badly.
He paid your agent when he subscribed!
Oh no, I am not tight at all, ma.
Well, ma, my clothes are not tight.
Indeed, indeed, ma, you are too serious.
Her nervous system, too, was sadly shattered.
Heaven bless you and keep you, my child!
Why do we see so many pale-faced mothers?
I believe you know my mother, sir.
I must get rich fast, or not at all.
That's the way to cure such people.
No; let her pout it out, I say.
Or she may feel herself, all at once, above me.
I am as good as she is, or any one else!
Last night your manner was insufferable.
If you notice them, it makes them ten times as bad.
I think her a girl of too much good sense for that.
It is due to yourself and your friends.
You are too old now to be working so closely.
Some men are strangely unreasonable.
Oh, very well, he replied, coldly.
I don't know; and, what is more, don't care.
Yes, and in a way to do me a serious injury.
Ayres is as innocent as you are.
Then I will give him a situation.
I have lived like a wolf, and I shall die like one.
Which is a long way off from the Gipsies.
So she never lelled kek, nor any cross either.
so he pet a cross apre laki's dumo.
Because the devil lives in smoke.
_Mind your own_ business, I replied.
From your language, sir, wery likely indeed.
_Mo rov a jaw_; _mo rakker so drovan_?
That's your English way of calling it.
No; I never toovs cigaras, kek.
Kako, tute jins the cigarras you del a mandy?
_Avali_, I says he, I've got em acai in my poachy.
Avali--there's adusta Romni chuls that kairs dovo.
she pooker mandy, It's kushti for my sherro.
And so when she died I never took any (none) since.
Well, take some tobacco, brother?
I rikkers my covvas apre mi dumo kenna.
L--- too's got a baro kushto gry.
Lotti was at the wellgooro dukkerin the ranis.
She penned her: You kaums a rye a longo duros.
I was so treated by the soldiers.
De me dschawe demaro gandelo Waleddo.
Mumper, a beggar, is also from the same source.
STURABAN, a prison, is purely Gipsy.
Continental Gipsy _Rakkervava_.
UP TO TRAP means, in common slang, intelligent.
_The prastramengro pens me mustn't hatch acai_.
_Fino ranyas kair fino trushnees_.
_Too boot of a mush for his kokero_.
He's too proud too speak to a poor man.
_The jivaben has jawed avree out of his gad_.
_Mo rakkerfor a pennis when tute can't lel it_.
_The wongurs kairs the grasni jal_.
_Rikker it adree tute's kokero see an kek'll jin_.
_Del sar mush a sigaben to hair his jivaben_.
_Pale the wafri bak jals the kushti bak_.
_Saw mushis ain't got the sim kammoben as wavers_.
_Whilst tute's rakkerin the cheiruses jal_.
_The kushtiest covvas allers jal avree siggest_.
_Pet up with the rakkerin an mor pen chichi_.
_Can't pen shukker atut lendy_.
_The puro beng is a fino mush_!
Literally, a spiteful nosed man.
Free of her lips, free of her hips.
INDICATIONS OF THE INDIAN ORIGIN OF THE GIPSIES.
_Vishnu is the Boro Duvel then_?'--Avali.
Budha in Hindustani really signifies an old man.
This may be Anglo-Indian derived from the Gorgios.
Kek, rya, kek (no, sir, no), we aren't hanimals.
Yes, the Gorgios don't know it--it's all Rommany.
You're a ratfully jucko an a huckaben.
an I pookered her I'd been a-koorin.
No, I rakkered; I taddered em offus.
An my poor juva ruvved ajaw, for she had no chavo.
To _gaverit_ is to hide anything, rya.
Oh dye--miri dye, Don't tute jin a Rommany rye?
Can't tu rakker Rommany jib, Tachipen and kek fib?
And we, the Gorgios, all smiled approval.
Ain't it wrong to steal dese here chickens?
Do you know what the judgment day is, Puro?
Tute's di's see se welni poggado.
Look at the Gorgios, the Gorgios around me!
They are all adroit thieves, and noted as such.
There's always dui rikk to a dukkerben.
Kek, penned the Gorgio; se sar kushto an kirus.
Said the Gipsy, This is all bad money.
Kammoben is kushtier than wongur.
GUDLO X. OF THE GENTLEMAN AND THE OLD GIPSY WOMAN.
Bak that's pessured for is saw (sar) adoi.
OF THE GIPSY WOMAN AND THE CHILD.
OF THE GIRL THAT WAS TO MARRY THE DEVIL.
If you cheat old women you will catch the devil.
AN OLD STORY WELL KNOWN TO ALL GIPSIES.
Avali, dui koppas, and beshed a lay odoi.
WHAT THE LITTLE GIPSY GIRL TOLD HER BROTHER.
shukaridir an shukaridir, pash sar was kerro.
OF THE RICH GIPSY AND THE PHEASANT.
It kauns worse than a mullo grai!
THE GIPSY FIDDLER AND THE YOUNG LADY.
Kushto pash kushto kairs ferridearer.
putched a ryas mush of a Rommany chal.
You can sovahall pre the lil adovo.
If I had you here, you wretched dogs!
if I caught you, I'd cut your throats!
Puro, pens the rye, did I kair you trash?
jal an the sala an you shall have pash.
So Smith bawled out to them, A fine pig!
The kushtiest are sovven sar the wen.
The simmun's kushto for the yellow jaundice.
{34} Dovos yect o the covvos that saw foki jins.
VARIATION OF SCIURUS CAROLINENSIS 14.
VARIATION OF SKULLS OF WOLF 15.
VARIATION OF SKULLS OF SUS CRISTATUS 17.
24.--Opthalmis lincea (Agaristidae).
All the above are from the Philippines.
This absolutely prevents self-fertilisation.
So you're just wastin your time hangin around.
It's worse'n lonesome, it's God-forsaken.
Possible as anything ever you knew in your life.
Don't go to meetin much, Josh don't.
Don't forget: Raish says treat me right.
You say that to Ras and you'll be TREATED right.
The others had even more offensive nicknames.
I heard you calling me, so-- Heard ME calling YOU?
I--I am very wet, I'm afraid, he said.
I am very wet indeed, he faltered.
Primmie, come here this minute, I want you!
You go to the-- But--but what AILS him?
You've got pigeons in your loft, Loosh.
Well, you can't stay here, that's all.
Possibly she will tell you what to do.
I realize I am a dreadful disappointment to you.
They don't overpay you mummy-dusters, do they?
You must get away, get out of doors and stay out.
But, doctor, I DON'T enjoy myself at such places.
Look here, you must do precisely as I tell you.
I tell you to go away at once, at once.
And STAY away, for a year at least.
If you don't, my friend, you are going to die.
No, you mind me and stay still....
Your feet are as cold as ice, I suppose, eh?
I'll leave your things right here on the floor....
I don't blame you for feelin desperate then....
That's what I mean when I say it's awful.
He ain't crazy, Jethro Hallet ain't.
Oh, he was an Arab camel driver.
Good heavens and earth, what put that in your head?
What thin little legs he's got, ain't he?
But, dear me, what a foolish thing for me to do!
I ain't tryin to put nothin over on you.
Look here, what are you pickin on me for?
Don't bother me any more, Raish.
You're a slick article, ain't you, Raish?
So you come over to your wife's grave, eh?
What are you lookin like that for?
I fetched him over t'other night in my car.
But what in blazes is he doin here NOW?...
Primmie, she ordered, briskly, stay where you are!
But, really, Miss Phipps, I-- Don't TALK....
Oh, now, ma'am, I snum if I didn't forget it.
Well, now, if that ain't too bad!
I'm pretty smart, he observed, in a husky voice.
You AIN'T an undertaker, be you?
You've cruised around more'n I give you credit for.
oh, no, you don't see, of course, do you?
The idea of your bein noisy, I mean.
Elmer Rogers is a robber and always was.
If it ain't the perfessor himself!
I don't know's I ever laughed more in my life.
Don't he look like a bullfrog under a lily pad?
What's the matter with him; soft in the head?
Cripes t'mighty, look at his clothes!
Is that all he does for a living?
Seems to LIKE to be there, he does.
a graveyard is the last place I'd spend MY time in.
He pretends he is, but he isn't.
I'd like to shake her, mischief-making thing.
I never saw a person like you in my life.
Stop flappin your wings--arms, I mean.
Be the divil to pay if you don't....
No, no, no, she squealed, you can't--you can't.
Now don't waste any more time askin fool questions.
Lulie, you tell em to stay here.
You've heard me, ain't you, Zach?
Go easy on it, soften her down.
It's her sperit control talkin now, she whispered.
Some one heree wantee talkee Jethro.
And WHEN I find him-- Sshh, sshh!
I'm goin to--WILL you get out of my way?
Therefore-- Nonsense, I tell you!
I WISH you'd stop askin questions, Abe Hardin.
Did you ever in your born days!
It's a mercy he didn't find you, Nelson.
But you ain't an evil influence, are you?
Godfreys, what a night that was!
What kind of talk's that, Zach Bloomer!
And don't pay any attention to what I said.
Say, they make me sick, most of em.
They make me sick, I tell you....
That everlastin Raish Pulcifer.
She's up in her room cryin now, I'll bet you on it.
She--she's canned me, she said.
Oh, DON'T stand there owlin at me like that!
Why do you look at me like that?
Went up twice inside of a fortni't that I know of.
Does she go cause she likes him?
That camel thing got it onto HIS back first.
She wants to see you in the settin room.
I bet you she's goin to tell you about it.
You'll roast alive if you don't.
I know I am a--ah--donkey in most matters.
And you ain't the one, neither.
Say, Perfessor, you listen to me.
And say, you tell her not to bother me no more.
But that doesn't matter either.
You would like to go to your room, wouldn't you?
Galusha apparently did not care.
WHAT in the world are you callin Primmie for?
I wouldn't have her see all that....
Did she tell you she was going to?
I figgered out it couldn't be nothin else.
Maybe they will, you can't tell.
I tell you tis so, Zach Bloomer....
Glad you was only thinkin and no worse.
Nigher--ah--nearer to--ah--what?
Primmie, go and do your sweepin.
He put his arm about her waist.
Don't YOU begin talking about rights.
One has only to look at me to see.
Small boys began barefoot experiments.
And they ask such foolhead questions!
No ma'am, says I, a crank ain't necessary.
This is Miss Phipps speakin now....
Why--why-- Be a sport now, Loosh!
Do you hear that, Zach Bloomer?
Of the two I figgered maybe Paul would fit me best.
What is he drivin at, I wonder?
You've been wantin to sell, ain't you?
No, and I'll bet you won't, either, says he.
He ain't buyin on his own account, that I KNOW.
Er--er--you ain't taken one out, have you?
No, and I ain't goin to--not now.
You can tell em that: I HAVEN'T BOUGHT ANY MORE.
But you wouldn't even consider buyin.
Seems as if you didn't do nothin BUT think lately.
Goin to cow meetin would be too much for ME!
I sha'n't sleep none THIS night!
He's broodin', that's what he's doin.
Put her into low just a minute.
No. I couldn't, Mr. Pulcifer....
There ain't anything crooked about it....
Say, what are you drivin at, Perfessor?
Oh, nothin', nothin, Primmie, really.
Now if you don't know tain't my fault, is it?
A healthy note, by Godfreys, ain't it now!
Then he laid a hand on her arm.
You ain't right there at the gate, are you?
Not so you'd notice it, Perfessor.
The door's open if you want to come.
Primmie became a statue of despair.
They won't be as good as these, that's all.
I wouldn't want to hurt their feelings.
But you didn't wait for me to finish.
It is ridiculous--ah--ah--absurd!
Galusha, demanded Cousin Gussie, are you sick?
Primmie Cash, I'm ashamed of you.
You are, whether you know it or not.
I snum I believe it ain't got but three laigs.
No wonder twon't set even, Abe, he snorted.
You've got the other laig up onto my foot.
And don't let's have any more mockery!
Important message, she sayee, for Jethro.
Julia sayee Jethro, you sell R. P. what you got.
Sellee him what you got, what he want buyee.
Do you mean that SHE says that?
You miserable, swindlin make-believe!
And you've been pretendin all the time.
Twas all cheatin and lies, wasn't it?
You're all liars and cheats together....
Loosh, do you know what you are saying?
I lied continually, I did, indeed.
YOU would, _I_ would, but HE doesn't.
I cal'late now I can dast come in here, can't I?
Well, I ain't what you'd call fust-rate, I'd say.
I've had enough to make me sick.
Say, what kind of a--Say, am I crazy or are you?
And you never said nothin', but just let me talk!
And--and all the time--Oh, by CRIPES!
You're all right, Perfessor, you are.
He is responsible for EVERYTHING.
No, don't look at that gravestone, look at me.
Are you in love with her, Loosh?
You didn't look nor speak like a joker.
Don't be so confoundedly absurd.
Oh, Loosh, Loosh, you ARE crazy.
You are the one to consider, old man.
Well, confound her impudence!...
Tain't nothin private, I don't cal'late.
I don't seem to care even for Egypt.
I think I must be crazy, she said, desperately.
Oh, you would be ashamed of me in a month....
I shall go to--to the devil, I think.
And oh, so very much to yourself.
He means well but he is kind of ignorant Zach is.
you will send the child out of his senses.
you will see whether I have been lying!
And then he managed to say: She ...
and because, because she was ill-using the child.
it is not true, it is not true ...
The child did not see clearly, I beat her!
Henriette said to her boy did Julie beat papa?
Why, you must be mad, utterly mad!
What had she been doing all day with that man?
She immediately turned on him: Ah!
and I treat him as he deserves.
You are a coward, like all other men are!
Does he deceive you and go with another woman?
What a filthy heart you must have?
There is nothing to fear, with such a fool.
Men are very surprising at times.
No, you would not understand; it is quite useless.
You men have no delicacy of feeling.
What is the matter with you?...
What is the meaning of this unjustifiable violence?
you see that the man is mad....
Parent was stupefied and stammered: Your ...
You dare to talk of your child?...
You need only look at him, to see it....
And another replied: Yes, Mamma.
Will you tell him also why I drove you out?
She used to go to bed with both of us!
Monsieur Francois, after what you swore to me!
You will get your twenty years, my fine fellow!
But you belong to me; I am master ...
This is what I have to say to you.
I am afraid of nothing, whatever you may do to me.
Look at that woman, Madame de Mascaret.
You have behaved abominably towards me.
Because she is a little Spanish fly.
What had they done with the woman?
Morin devoured her with his eyes.
I have offended you; I have acted like a brute!
When a street boy called after him: Pig!
In the affair of that pig of a Morin.
Well, then you are full, you great tub!
Yes, yes, I force you to; we understand that.
Just look at my dress, you fool!
_Mademoiselle_, you wear trousers!
And the woman's only reply was, to say: Cuckold!
He was thin, while she was chubby.
Come with me, you handsome, dark fellow.
And I have been living in the streets for six days.
He was young, ardent, and caressing.
And when once the jugular is cut ...
I am not such a good fellow as you think.
the major asked, taking his pipe out of his mouth.
You must have the banns put up.
But he immediately flew into a rage.
That I have no children by ----!
The younger men would sometimes stay the night.
THE BANDMASTER'S SISTER What a joke!
And you have such a mocking look on your face.
frightening me as if you were a madman....
Pleasure good if not leading to pain.
The number of births is also to be regulated.
As regards Ignorance, a difference is made.
(3) The Incontinent err knowingly.
(5) Wise and clever men may be Incontinent.
Pain is the only evil, Pleasure is the only good.
These are the Sanctions of Right.
proceeds to consider HUMAN ACTIONS IN GENERAL.
So having smoked a final cigarette I retired.
Women with crazes abound everywhere.
I slowly lapsed into blank unconsciousness.
They were foreign--evidently French!
But you do not explain, Sister, I said.
On either side of me were men, also in bed.
You have been seriously ill, he said.
They are police officers, I presume.
And after that I became unconscious.
Does your mistress come over from Italy often?
You ought to go to the police, Garfield.
You're here to blackmail me--eh?
I really don't understand you, Mr.--Mr.
I also regret that your mental state is what it is.
Oh, come--let us finish all this silly talk.
Suppose he called the police and accused me of it!
It is immaterial to me whether straight or crooked.
She seems to come over every year.
The description you give of her is exact.
I saw her out with an old woman the other day.
But he will never expose us--_never_!
He is a patient of yours, he added grimly.
We must get rid of him--and quickly, too!
she asked, looking me full in the face.
Her reply, low and tense, staggered me!
And haven't you lost your memory?
Then she added: She is a wicked woman.
Come along to my room, senor, he urged.
I noticed him in the lounge last night.
But you were too quick for him.
He must have followed you with evil intent.
I will go to the police and inform them.
He must be arrested at all costs, I said.
You cannot close your eyes to that fact!
You are here only to deal with Despujol.
Despujol is a desperate character.
And if they are frightened they will escape!
He warned me that you were my enemy.
You try and fix upon me a deed that I did not do!
Your question is insulting, doctor!
I would follow and unmask them.
The Baron died of heart failure, my friend said.
If so, it would be well to arrest them all.
Come up to my room, he said in French.
Tears in the eyes of Oswald De Gex!
I am only a mere man-of-the-world.
I know that you did, Rivero went on relentlessly.
My friends and I have some business with him.
I don't know you, he declared angrily.
There, take that, and be off with you!
Of course you was too young to know any different.
It's all your fault, you good-for-nothing pauper!
Then you'd no business to think, she screamed.
I can smell the gin here and now!
Your impudence is getting past bearing.
He's never been the same boy since then.
They're no good for the road, me boy.
Me uncle lives there and he's very obligin.
Have you any witnesses to prove he's yours, my lad?
And I can't stop to take you now.
We'll soon see where your teetotalling will be.
Off with the jar, or it'll be the worse for you.
You young impudence, I'll teach you!
And must he have black eyes as well?
Come on, lads, we don't want his company.
You young spoil-sport, so this is _your_ doings!
The primitive man was a troglodyte.
You know the sort of man I mean.
You never can tell what girls are up to.
Mars is more thirsty than Bacchus.
of the opposing troops were knocked out.
She was all that was good, I believe.
So you've not gone out yet, dear boy?
I think it's probably all a fraud.
Dear auntie, do put it out of your head.
He's thinking of that girl still.
Why, you're not smoking, she said.
Let me see him instead, dearest....
I don't think she'll be very long this evening.
Nor does the wisest scientist in the world.
I must ask you to take me further.
A very deep and satisfactory trance.
You were awakened twice by these.
He thinks he can't come, after all, she said.
My dear Maggie, he wrote; Why all this fury?
He has a great influence with young men.
I wonder what train he'll come by?
with your memory of that young girl.
He must be sane, and face things.
Laurie, why do you look like that?
This is too ridiculous-- No, no; don't leave me ...
I almost wish he were not so developed.
he said in his slow virile voice.
Do you think me a great coward?
My dear chap, that isn't evidence.
To see for yourself what I told you.
Why, you're as jumpy as a cat yourself.
I tell you I examined every inch....
Says he wouldn't touch it with a pole.
That wouldn't deter me, he said.
You wouldn't understand, he said.
All right; I don't care if you do....
And so would it be to you, if-- Oh, Lord!
But do you think it's not all fraud, then?
Just taking a bite like yourself, said the other.
said Laurie, with cool offensiveness.
said Mr. Morton; what funny people you all are!
No wonder you believe all that stuff.
When are you going to grow up, Cathcart?
You can see for yourself what a fanatic he is.
But he's particularly sensitive, isn't he?
You can see what he is, he said.
Watch him carefully when he comes.
You are not very well, I think.
Dear Auntie, I am so very sorry....
I caught him looking at me once or twice.
They're as bad as I am, I expect.
Miss Deronnais, you are magnificent...!
Remember, it is not the worst yet.
Miss Deronnais, I must give you another warning.
You have the facts to think of.
You won't fancy such things then, will you?
Do you understand what has happened to you?
Your mother isn't well, she said.
And not a word to my mother, of course.
Why, she couldn't if she tried.
Bit of fool carelessness on my part.
I must eat and smoke and buy clothes, mustn't I?
But the one you had looked so good, he smiled.
You won't last until night on just that.
You are new to this, aren't you?
I imagine he's very disagreeable.
Don had never seen much of women in the forenoon.
But look here; are you coming here every day?
They'll think I'm getting fresh with you?
Farnsworth himself never helped.
Seems to me we are getting pretty gay, aren't we?
But, hang it all, they don't mean anything.
He's always getting ready to fire or advance you.
That was true also of her mouth.
Sort of caught her with the goods that time, eh?
You'd think he'd take the tip and get out.
I don't care a hang, he admitted.
That was mighty white of you, he nodded.
Blake isn't going to talk any more.
And you mustn't talk to me any more.
Then you aren't hating yourself now?
That's because you don't understand.
You know I wouldn't understand.
You don't realize it, but you are.
I want you just as you used to be.
The more he saw of her, the more he desired of her.
That is just what he's doing with you.
I am, Respectfully yours, SARAH K. WINTHROP.
And I'd have been fired, and deserved it.
And you wouldn't like to see me fired, would you?
And you know what Dad would say to that.
Don, dear, I think you're getting a little selfish.
Sincerely yours, SARAH KENDALL WINTHROP.
He keeps you in there all the time now.
Just because it's all your own.
It isn't a very gay place, is it?
Well, you won't, so you'd better forget it.
You aren't going to have any of this?
Between them all we are very gay.
Surely that ignorance was not her fault.
It was such an absurd accusation!
You didn't catch cold last night?
Yes, and she was too weak to protest, anyway.
He wanted her to stay right where she was.
And after that--just yourself and her.
You ought to have been a man yourself, he told her.
She won't want to make a cad of me; I know that.
And now he is very attentive to Dolly.
Then let me help you, Stuyvesant resumed grimly.
Then it's because you don't know any better.
There's not a whim in the world she can't satisfy.
Then stay where you are, snapped Stuyvesant.
I haven't forgotten that is all you have.
She'd want to get into the game.
She--she'd want to suffer, Don.
Blind fool that he had been, month after month!
But thar's some one stoppin thar.
You'd be more bother than help.
She must not care, with him right before her eyes.
Even he made it as hard for her as possible.
On top of that he had added this new insult.
I'm here, little girl, he said patiently.
Even after you told me to go away.
That isn't like you, little girl.
You're mine, Don, she whispered.
Even if she said No that would not decide it.
Wasn't ye warm enough last night?
It's jest oozin out all over you.
Look here, young man, she said.
But I like your face and I like your eyes.
She didn't let me go as far as this.
I guess we can use it, little woman, he laughed.
Wolf will eat squirrels, I know: but, ah!
It's only a gang o them rovin red-skins.
It is not thus that an Indian girl makes love.
Wingrove's cheek has turned red.
For God's sake go!--you have ruined me!
But whar did _you_ get it, Josh Stebbins?
Wal I'm jest as wise as ever, Josh.
it's no use your feigning ignorance.
Sheer wicked lies, every word of it!
I've bought me a team and a waggon.
I tell ye, Josh Stebbins, she'll niver consent.
I tell you she will, and she _shall_!
Whip the wretch with rattlesnakes!
He's another o them Mud Crik squatters.
Su-wa-nee is here for a purpose.
The White Eagle speaks falsely!
Impossible eyther to hate or forget her.
She has certainly not improved her name.
I niver set eyes on the like o her.
Some devil hed put it in my head.
Twar the last time I ever set eyes on her.
Did you take no steps to punish her?
She's gone away thraitnin agin.
Besides, added he, thar's another reezun.
You'll then find him more reezonable to deal wi.
No doubt, she deems me a _yokel_!
You understan me to say no sich thing.
_By_ the Almighty Etarnal he won't say't twice.
I've got my pre-emption dokyment inside hyur.
_It's_ clur enuf: ye'll acknowledge that, won't ye?
Look in my eye, an see if I ain't!
Ye've time enuf yet to save yerself.
Then you'll niver go out o it alive--I swar by God!
Ye've called _me_ a _coward_; an by the Etarnal!
I repeat it--your act is cowardly.
Duel, or whatever else ye may call it, mister.
Thur's twenty yurds atween em, I reck'n.
thur's one o us'll niver leave this clarin alive.
Yuv riz my dander; an', by God!
neyther fires _till a bird lights on the grown_!
Arter that, ye may go it like blazes!
It is not too late-- _You_ air a coward!
You must not speak: you may be heard!
Fust, then, you called me a coward.
I don't acknowledge yur right to this clarin.
You may go, but only to grieve.
You will be too late--too late!
It came out in its carnal and sensual shape.
He allers tuk care to keep out o my way.
I'll go arter him, an track him out.
and proud slayer of red panthers!
It is _it_ that is mocking you.
Now, do you hear it, White Eagle?
Do _you_ hear it, proud slayer of red panthers?
Wingrove in a vexed tone; ye're a talkin nonsense.
In the desert, he will defile them.
cried Wingrove, exasperated to a pitch of fury.
or-- He was not permitted to finish the threat.
Besides, the girl hedn't no reezun to a did it.
But what ud sojers be a doin out hyar?
Don't ee be skeert bout thet, kimrade!
We kin foller them an drop t'other.
Theer your mistaking, Mister Tigg.
that's what bothers Patrick O'Tigg.
they air fools, an no mistake--them Creole French.
You've seed boot-pegs, I recking, Mister Tigg?
An fwhat did yez do wid the pegs then?
Be my sowl, it bates Bannagher all to paces!
What I seed war as like her as two eggs.
The squaw seen by Wingrove might be one of these.
If ridden, they must have been ridden by Indians?
They were _white_ men--the owners of the waggons?
they were all black, or brown, or red!
The foe is bent on our destruction.
More like are they to the Cayguas?
I am but too satisfied at failing.
Tongue of a serpent, and heart of a hare!
An our scalps too, I s'pose, muttered the Yankee.
Listen to it, chief of the pale-faces!
He wants white men for his allies.
Vengeance on the pale-faced traitors!
Our rifles are too quick for them.
Their actions leave us not long in doubt.
It gags me, and half stifles my breathing!
The gesture seemed to indicate a threat!
continued he, still speaking loudly and angrily.
Don't be skeert abeout my hittin o ye!
I recking I kin bark it anyheow.
I made a feint to strike him over the head.
There were Indians in front of me!
I could feel her arm quivering around my waist.
Your comrades, if still alive, are in peril.
they are firing at the unfortunate!
she can steal upon the game like a couguar.
He wanted to play the brute with her.
for the harem of the Mormon prophet!
Hev you e'er a knife to cut me clar o this Indjun?
Every one of them had been already scalped.
I saw it there: they had scalped him.
Lordy, tain't possyble he's still living?
An why ain't a silk hat as good's any other?
I saw Wingrove advancing towards me.
It's Wolf: I kud tell him, any whar.
The Indians will soon be on the ground.
Enough--yonder is your attraction--yonder!
Her late love scene needed none.
I turned away from the loathsome scene.
The colour of the skin is of no consequence.
Your _camarado_ is a magnificent fellow.
here in New Mexico they are ten times worse.
Here we have an enemy on every side.
This might explain her preference.
A lazo was looped around my ankle, and carried out.
Had I reason to expect such a perverse contingency?
Up to this point, I had watched her every movement.
Why ain't you done fotch de water?
you har da colour ob yella squash.
You hab a care _you_ no call me so.
S'pose you tink you see him shadda dar?
you berry innocent gal, make pear!
continued the mulatta, in the same jeering tone.
eh missy yella bar--dat him name?
poor ignorant me: I cannot even write my own name!
It matters not: dictate what you would say to her.
No dream, sister, but a reality.
The Mexican was there with the rest.
Perhaps her inclination tempted her the other way?
_Oiga los_?--_el perro_--_el perro_!
you know what I'm talkin about!
Don't dar to turn yur face from me!
They'll not like ye a bit the wuss for all this.
What he intended for your daughter.
savs I, lifting up the lid the laste taste in life.
need I say I alludes to them blessed pikes?
* * * * * MUSICAL NEWS (NOOSE).
Manhug attending to pull her legs.
* * * * * PUNCH AND THE SWISS GIANTESS!
Defendant came very often when plaintiff was out.
the debased image of his maker!
Can you see them on the rug, in front of her?
What makes you think he must have loved children?
I am sure she keeps them nice and clean.
But she likes to play, too, no doubt.
What has the mother on her head?
if she just would not squeeze quite so hard!
Many of her pictures are of children.
Warrender has only got a ---- in Mods.
I don't care for them any more than they do for me.
Quite comfortable, ma'am, and I think he is asleep.
She is going on exciting herself for nothing.
Oh, I wish you wouldn't frighten one, mamma!
always the same, one day after another!
He was not a great boy, nor ever would be.
Oh yes, my darling, you will leave me.
Come, now, I am going to be strong-minded.
No. Do you like Theo Warrender, mamma?
It was you that said so, mamma.
Now, mamma, say true, what do you think?
Girls may be silly, but not so bad as that.
It is your birthplace, but not mine.
And it must be so bad for the boy.
I don't know about the good it can do her.
Mother is the right person, he said.
was the commentary legible in his face.
It ain't of such dreadful consequence, granny.
You have not realised as yet what it is.
I wouldn't let her go there if I was you.
I warned you from the beginning.
You can ask mamma, if you don't believe me.
Parents are so dull to that sort of thing.
The Dons will bother, but what does that matter?
They don't care for what is respectable.
But for nothing else, nothing less.
She said, Don't be so silly, all you little things.
That's what I'm going to town about.
Have you got that big black one?
I shall be back in a moment, mamma.
he added, with a laugh of scorn.
I wonder if you know any better?
Ah, don't refuse me; it will be such a pleasure.
You are not very big still, my dear boy.
If you go out, take Bowen with you, or old Black.
This insult went to Geoff's soul.
Does anything hurt you, little chap?
Run for a basin, Chatty, and some lint.
and oh, are they going to cut off your hair?
Theo, what a lot you have bled!
Were you obliged to tear my knickerbockers?
What did you run away for, you little----?
Take him away, mother, for Heaven's sake!
And his mother!--ah no, she could do no wrong.
Don't take any notice, she said.
He pressed her arm almost violently within his.
She don't know what she's doing.
Do you think I don't know that?
are you such a woman as you are and know so little?
Order me away from you; but don't mock me!
What was he saying to you, mamma?
It's not anything wrong, mamma?
The Warren ain't a place for nothing new.
Do you think that is true, mamma?
Mamma, said Chatty, I never told you.
Not a syllable, not even to your mother.
That will make my pleasure complete.
Was she the one to see through him now?
What were these contemptible images to the truth!
Hush, Chatty, here is my poor boy.
I must have everything put right for you, mother.
Your letters are not very explicit, my dear.
I am not like you in that, he said.
I seem to be disparaging my boy.
and leave her altogether unsecured.
Oh, mamma, that is what I never expected.
Chatty---- Were you calling me, mamma?
Most truly yours, M. WARRENDER.
Well, sir, my friend met with a girl there.
There is a prejudice, and a just prejudice.
Don't bewilder yourself with sophistries.
She has done me harm enough, he said.
She could not have understood him or his desire.
I can't think what you mean, mamma!
They don't think so much of that where I came from.
I blame you for nothing, oh, for nothing.
This is no longer any place for you.
Chatty, O Chatty, my darling, come away.
I know your way of answering, mamma.
I never was an invalid that I know of.
Which is very unlikely, mother.
Am not I married to him, mother?
So you have been over that ground with her already!
You are too big to want your mother.
For it is a ridiculous incident.
Brothers and sisters are alike often.
You and Chatty are a little alike.
My wife's inside, and they've locked me out here.
Would she come and open to him?
Why didn't you tell your mother the truth?
He is the pest of my existence.
I want you to understand this once for all.
Theo, you cannot mean what you say.
Geoff, go, and wait for me in your room.
Your scorn does not make it different.
And if you did, it would sting you.
I beat you, Bobby, it seemed to say.
Now you feel better, don't you?
Broken your Big South Window, have you?
I'm afraid you will have to wait, sonny, he added.
He is the highest, first of Gods (bk.
THE PHILOSOPHERS OF ATHENS _(continued_).
IDEALIST: PYTHAGORAS--XENOPHANES--PARMENIDES--ZENO.
| INTUITIVE | DISCURSIVE FACULTY | | | REASON.
mysterious Jove: For evermore almighty!
Dweller with lightnings and the clouds of heaven!
Save from their dreadful error lost mankind!
disperse these shadows of the mind!
THE PROPAEDEUTIC OFFICE OF GREEK PHILOSOPHY.
BALDWIN'S PRE-HISTORIC NATIONS.
And we can't go back to the Spanish Inquisition.
And you don't look mythical, Doc.
It is no business of mine to decide!
If it's that fortune-teller of yours....
[_With a sneer._] Will you disappear now?
I wish you were a thief instead.
And what is the cruellest crime?
Only my hat; and I am not a gentleman.
I am a conjurer and nothing else but a conjurer.
You have everything to do with it.
I know nothing about such lies.
What is the definition of a child?
And it's quite ridiculous to be rude.
He won't turn you into a bowl of goldfish.
Morris, you mustn't talk like that.
I forbid you to appeal to my sister.
[_Violently._] No, Priest, I will not let it alone.
[_Violently._] I want you to be martyred.
I have gone through too much to be terrified now.
I will tell you the very worst.
Oh, it's nonsense, it's nonsense.
We can't turn life into a pleasure.
Why, what a cheap life it must be!
Well, this room is full of them.
When they tried to be my masters....
Why, Hastings, you _are_ looking white.
I am going to tell that poor little lad a lie.
Oh, Morris is ever so much better!
But if I tell you a natural way of doing it....
TRANSLATED FROM THE TURKISH BY GEORGE BORROW.
When I die, said he, place me in an old tomb.
What are you about, Cogia Efendi?
Get you gone, and let the girl's mother come.
Said the Bey, It is a wonder you escaped a wetting.
Said the Cogia, Why are you angry with me?
It is not in our country, said Tamerlank.
Why did you break wind in the presence of Timour?
Cries the Cogia, Now is my time!
From the love I bore you, said the Cogia.
Surely you must be a fool, said the Cogia.
Said the Cogia, O you simpletons!
Must not the kid have become an old goat?
I'll help you to your bed for once.
That doctor's a fool, I tell you.
I'll give you a golden guinea for a noggin, Jim.
_He's_ a bad un; but there's worse that put him on.
Take me in straight, or I'll break your arm.
We'll have that chest open, if we die for it.
Flint's fist, I mean, he cried.
Hang it, Pew, we've got the doubloons!
A knife in his back as like as not.
I'll be as silent as the grave.
Imagine the abominable age we live in!
Get back to your place for a lubber, Tom.
He used to come here with a blind beggar, he used.
I don't call that fair, now, do you?
Davis was a man, too, by all accounts, said Silver.
Pew was that sort, and he died a beggar-man.
Or cut em down like that much pork?
You'll say so, Israel, when you see, said Silver.
The pirates were too ignorant, I reckon.
But this crew, he added, beats me.
And to think that they're all Englishmen!
If I die like a dog I'll die in my dooty.
I began to recall what I had heard of cannibals.
Now you--what do you call yourself, mate?
But now, you look here; look at me.
And with that he winked and pinched me hard.
And then you'll give him a nip, like I do.
I keep her under the white rock.
It must be the flag they are aiming at.
Volunteers to go and bring in pork.
You ain't a-going to let me inside, cap'n?
I don't deny it was a good lay.
Handsomer you couldn't look to get, not you.
he cried, that's what I think of ye.
Them that die'll be the lucky ones.
Out, lads, out and fight em in the open!
Next moment I was face to face with Anderson.
And you, lads, back into cover.
Why, I ain't sich an infernal lubber, after all.
For God's mercy, Mr. Hands, that's why.
I had no time left me to recover.
Dooty is dooty, says he, and right he is.
Ah, he'd be a lucky one as knowed that!
Says he: Cap'n Silver, you're sold out.
I've seen too many die since I fell in with you.
Well, you're a gay lot to look at, any way.
Not worth much to fight, you ain't.
P'r'aps you can understand King George's English.
Pipe up and let me hear it, or lay to.
I know the rules, I do; I won't hurt a depytation.
look here, now; this ain't lucky!
You'll all swing now, I reckon.
What soft-headed lubber had a Bible?
Belay that talk, John Silver, he said.
And then, fourth, there's this here boy.
Let us overhaul these patients of yours.
Did he take that medicine, men?
Doctor, I'm no coward; no, not I--not _so_ much!
As you have brewed, so shall you drink, my boy.
But, doctor, you did not let me finish.
That would be a poor return, my boy.
For all the world, I was led like a dancing bear.
You're a pushing lad, to be sure.
Member Newsstand Group--Men's List.
I'll tell you what to do, Carnes.
He's armed, and he means business.
Back below the hill if you value your lives!
Leave me alone until your partners come.
He wants you, also, I retorted.
And why they were there, anyone could easily guess.
A chance word, with you lads befuddled by alcolite?
it flashed into strong masculinity.
I could feel him quivering with excitement.
An American--I fancy of Jewish ancestry.
An alluring sort of girl, as most of them are.
By the gods of the airways, there's Alta Venza!
I felt her hands pushing at me.
A thick-necked, heavy fellow, easily out of breath.
I was exhausted and drugged with lack of sleep.
Go to bed, Gregg--you need a rest.
He eyed me down the length of the table.
Snap, in a gay mood, introduced me.
Big, handsome fellow, isn't he?
And as pleasant as he is good-looking.
Really, Mr. Rankin, you're a bit too cruel!
I have been wondering when you would come after me.
Her gaze made sure no one was within hearing.
I was sitting with a cigarillo.
And then you came along and he acted innocent.
He had it working in the night last night.
He's with them, whatever it is.
Shac's current was interrupted.
Can you get him to keep his mouth shut?
So you love Anita Prince so much as that, Gregg?
Take your hands off me, all of you!
I won't answer your questions, Balch.
A strange, aggressively forward-looking people.
Your brother would see you, Anita.
A girl's shuddering, gasping scream.
You go to bed, Gregg--we don't need you.
But I could see Miko bending over me.
Then he cursed and dropped me, fled away.
I fell like a sack of carbide to the deck.
My senses faded into blackness....
My tongue was thick, but it would move.
I sat up, with Dr. Frank vigorously rubbing me.
Ob Hahn, supposedly a Venus Mystic.
The thing will end, be stamped out!
They tied the shroud over her face.
Over six feet tall, straight and slim.
Not gray, like the burly Miko, but pink and white.
Stern-lipped, yet feminine, too.
* * * * * Miko said, He is a fool.
No wonder they apprehended him!
Then Miko: I will not hurt him.
I did not even know I had hit her, Miko was saying.
I know enough to check on them, Miko said grimly.
Fool--you promised not to hurt him!
His left arm was dangling limp.
The smell of his burning flesh rose to sicken me.
Go in your rooms--you will not be harmed.
And behind it, Hahn's suave, evil face appeared.
I am in command here, you pirate!
Tell your cub, this Haljan, to yield.
Carter roared: Get back from there!
Give me your orders, Gregg Haljan.
Now for you, Mr. Third Officer Haljan!
* * * * * Grotesque, abnormal combat!
He kicked, scrambled, tore and gouged at me.
And then I kicked violently upward.
If he wanted to take me alive, he would not fire.
Others were evidently only injured.
A masquerader, yet so like George Prince.
You are to get the proff's mug.
Just put his nose down and _rammed_ you, head on.
Or--What the deuce _is_ he doing?
Here he became slightly histrionic.
Hard Boiled Bland glared at one of the officers.
Take this girl out to my car and let her lie down.
If you are so clever, find out for yourselves.
You have exactly two minutes to go.
He's trying to make fools of us at the last minute!
It was self defense, he added slyly.
I don't like this place myself either.
Do you know I just got kicked by a poll parrot?
But first slip on a bathing suit.
Then she became a veritable fury.
You're light, light skin, light hair.
I could feel them throbbing there....
Then I lowered her into the sea.
We must rid the earth of every one of them.
And the sooner we strike the better!
I punished Zitlan for his presumption.
he exclaimed sternly, looking straight at Zitlan.
I have seen your world and it pleases me.
The top of that monster is open and....
And, if not, it will be the worse for him.
Ah, he moaned, but that is too bad.
Then he shakes hands with me violently.
You are a Thrupni but you are not a Mahatma.
_Podb._ Well, it's beastly selfish, that's all!
Because the TROTTERS are going.
That's an entire mistake on your part.
Otherwise, you must stay here alone.
Would you like me to roll you a cigarette?
_Culch._ Better luck than you deserve.
You must really be more careful, dear boy.
_Podb._ Oh, it was only to get a rise out of you.
_Culch._ (_with amiable sententiousness_).
Your friend been gettin off a joke on you, Sir?
_Culch._ Only in his own estimation, Mr. TROTTER.
Tiddledy-iddlety-ido-lumpty-doodle-oo!
It's CHARLEY VAN STICKINTHEMUD's turn now!
It's the last laugh, old man,--and it's the best!
Not that they would believe you!
You ought to be ashamed of yourself!
Would the gallant _Dauntless_ be the only laggard?
A snap of the fingers for cynical scoffers!
CHARLES, with dedly haim, fired in the hair!
but the MARKISS being bald, he missed him.
* * * * * WHERE ARE OUR DAIRYMAIDS?
Blasphemious Swearin V. The Game of Jackstraws VI.
Did you remember the meat, grandpa?
but he kep a cussin dictionary, Pretty Quick did!
Like as not; that was his failin.
They just lie and rot by the roadside.
He's a turrible good fellow, Steve is!
Drive straight and use the whip on Dolly!
Yes, I specially like them all so white.
Your mother was a beautiful spirit.
Very well, Sue; and then go to sleep.
Women are all as hard as the nether millstone.
You've thrown em all away, and what for?
Your mother never knew she had a self.
Then you had better not speak of them, either.
You break it every day with the things you say.
I won't talk any more, not for days and days!
Be still now, Hetty, and labor to repent, I said.
Ephraim has returned to his idols.
She's diff'rent as time goes on.
If you don't, you'd better send for your son.
I can see that with one eye shut.
Yee; but what's to prevent your onjinin him?
I want to know if that's there yit!
Are you too big to be kissed even by mother?
Say it, say it; I can't wait, Jack!
You look so patched, and wrinkled, and grubby.
Mules, with very few exceptions, are born kickers.
COLOR, CHARACTER, AND PECULIARITIES OF MULES.
The Mexicans call them pintos, or painted mules.
We call them calico Arabians or Chickasaws.
2,906 118 61 1,305 15 47 6,102 106 223 May.
1,731 94 335 4,702 74 125 13,398 462 68 Aug.
2,834 72 248 1,198 64 176 1,536 3 18 Oct.
1,166 36 202 1,468 81 134 876 ..
2,934 30 204 3,036 35 123 252 3 ..
2,832 14 113 3,923 66 158 324 4 ..
27,275 837 1,497 1864.............
29,414 557 1,296 1865..............
62,950 1,335 1,137 1866..............
Her front parts are perfection itself.
Mexicans call them, a calico mule.
She is tolerably well formed but inclined to kick.
Now, cuss old Frosthead, and you too!
says a rifle right in front of us, and m-e-arr!
Now, don't you get oneasy, says he.
Then, of course, he was our meat.
Don't you be scart, miss, says Darragh.
I'd have given a month's wages for one lick at him.
Nice reputation to give me before that girl!
We call him Red becus uf his hair.
And as for roads, I despise em.
Put your foot on the lines and they'll make.
And Loys and me, we were full pards from date.
Pardner, says I, I was raised on cigarettes.
Do you think she likes me, Red?
She don't want any more college, that girl don't.
I wish you every happiness, he grunts.
Boys, says Shadder, I'm Lord Walford.
It was a bully morning and I felt A1.
You'll find me outside--at your pleasure, sir.
Besides you are a funny cuss, that's sure.
Ag said he'd be cussed if he'd walk.
Our bold buck puts on a great swagger.
Well yer needn't be funny in this waggon, says he.
The pair of yer spongin a ride!
Yer needn't be gay--yer hear me, don't cher?
Are you going to send em all around, Ag?
Curious folks we all are, ain't we?
OWNERS WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE REMAINS.
Get down there, you fool, and make it quick!
Do you weigh as much as that, Will?
It's a square meal just to look at her.
If she ain't pretty good people, I miss my guess.
A rattlesnake on your chest, Will!
Weren't the Indians terrible out there, too?
You people must quit easy in this country.
Little white rooms with the walls coming in on you.
You're ready for most anything.
Reckon I can last out till morning on that.
I always liked boy's play better than I did girl's.
You are the most ridiculous person I ever did see!
Must have been a rock, says I. Rock nothin!
Can I borrow a hammer or so off you, old man?
Boys, you'll eat with me this day, said Red.
Mattie, I apologise--he is a vegetable.
My eye teeth are cut, son, for all I may seem easy.
I'm no peanut stand, old lady, said he.
What's the matter, Mr. Saunders, are you hurt?
Oh, what a bully old fellow you are!
He was every inch of that from the ground up.
Durned if she ain't laughing at me!
What the devil am I lying like this for?
Why don't you own up like a man!
Keep your hands up, Mattie, and don't move!
Then he turned to his antagonist.
Pox rot thee, Tom Clarke, for a wicked lawyer!
Ungrateful and abandoned miscreants!
May Heaven's dreadful vengeance overtake him!
My guardian angel forsook me when she expired!
The profession is only open to millionnaires.
I therefore say, emphatically, buy Dodjas.
They cry, Of WELLDON tis ill-done!
England must scuttle out of Egypt.
HAVE YOU GOT ANY _LOW_ FRENCH SONGS?
And are you still going around with Mr. PODBURY?
There, don't you mind _me_, Mr. CULCHARD.
_Fifth T._ (_a discontented Teuton_).
Zey dolt me from ze dop you see Milan.
Mr. VAN BOODELER's intelligent too.
After bringing all my trunks way up here!
And Lucky Sweets, babie, will catch thine off eye.
WONDER IF THEY'VE BEEN MARRIED LONG, HYPATIA?
Sorry for this is THE BARON DE BOOK-WORMS.
NOW THERE'S HACTION FOR YOU, SIR!
Awful poor lot o Pugs, _that_ gang.
No, Gemmen, the Old Un _allus were_ a fraud.
Couldn't stand up to a Froggy, _'e_ couldn't.
I call that hitting below the belt!
Now, she said, my biler's bust, an I'm done for!
I don't never listen to none of er mike-ups now.
She's low in the wye she talks.
That pickshur ain't much like me.
Always your most loving Son, BOBBY.
Don't come here with your imperence!
When we were in bed I tried to get H.O.
You never said a word about not.
in my clown's clothes, at them.
Because you'd jolly well have shut me up.
I am sure no needless violence was used.
We've kept the _things_, you little duffer!
It's stealing, that's what it is.
I'm not, said H.O.; and you're another.
And he's downstairs now, talking to your uncle.
The cisterns are rocks you hide behind.
You won't let him do anything to me if I tell?
They can jolly well think what they like.
to chuck that rotten game and go and look for her.
We all said, No, not since last night.
You'd best look slippy arter im.
The police ought to find Pincher.
You come alongee fightee ploper.
Little white devils waitee for you on ce load.
You never crossed it out like you did his address.
If you don't know it you jolly well ought.
I don't think you've kicked my eye out yet.
They'd have to put up with vipers, I suppose.
Faults and follies yourself, said H.O.
H.O., _do_ stop sniffing and use your handkerchief.
Don't say I didn't warn you, that's all!
I know just exactly what he feels like now.
Besides, you feel better inside when you have.
let bygones be bygones is what _I_ say!
Greetings to all from ALBERT'S UNCLE AND AUNT.
We found out when all too late that H.O.
He knows you can't do anything to him for not.
You'd look quite twenty or thirty.
Oswald, you'll have to dress up old and come too.
Oswald's head, also, was terribly in the way.
Editors may be led, but they won't be druv.
She was like him, only more so in every way.
You didn't set down here just for to look at me?
I ain't got no history, nor jog-graphy neither.
Women can't never shy straight.
Yes, and get nabbed and put in prison.
and Oswald thinks he winked in the dark.
And what's more, I can smell it from here.
No one heard this but me and the Viking.
Did you tell your little gells what you was up to?
You might ask her to let you go and get it, Oswald.
That's a ripping Burmese coat you've got there.
Do take it, it will do the lady's head good.
So you boys will have to be mum.
Yours faithfully, CARISBROOK CAREW.
This beast's only the village police.
_He_ didn't grouse, and he was a poet, like you!
Your subordinates must have been quite mistaken.
And she was smoking a cigarette.
Shall it be rounders, or stories about cannibals?
Don't you feel sorry for the poor little chap?
The poor little pariah wouldn't like it.
Desinit in piscem mulier formosa superne.
24, I.] O misero frater adempte mihi!
It is better to die than to live miserable.
Non, ita me divi, vera gemunt, juverint.
. . German spies had their headquarters in her.
Like ourselves, they are single-ship men.
We won't ave em at any price, e ses!
You can't do me with that story, mister!
She is incapable of offence or defence.
Hurry up, there, you sodgerin young idlers!
My gear beginning to fly around with concussion.
There is no corner but has its group of soldiers.
There is no further life in her.
. . . an that feller as is down by th ead--Gawd!
She's lain out there for two months now.
says the rigger, patting the pipes.
. . Forced draught on a woolly sheep's back..
Still, they were no fainthearts.
Were you in her, captain, when she was strafed?
If only we could get a decent funnel on her.
We, too, are becoming superior!
What about towing one another out?
Them fellers ain't arf goin it!
There ain't nothin movin this end o th bay.
As the pilot says: Thar ain't nothin doin!
Seven-three or four sh'd keep her in station.
Not one decent observation in the last three days.
The crew are equally sensitive.
Still, it might be worse--much worse!
And both these things are very bad.
He is a real Moscow beggar, a cultivated man.
You're an old Rzhanoff nanny-goat yourself!
I'll give it to you, you imps, that I will!
You shall not escape, he said laughing.
This charity society of yours is nonsense.
And I dared to think of good myself!
There is no one poorer than myself.
We're waiting for you, you carrion.
There were so many of them every day.
I always look on this man as on a mirror.
There: be off, and get your walk.
Take away your hand, or I'll bite it.
Then I will not hurt you any more, pet.
There, don't let's talk nonsense.
I'm going to blast it down with dinnymite.
I don't know nothing about no gentlemen.
And blast that granite down with powder, sir.
What the deuce do you want now?
My daughter does what she pleases with me.
I say happy man, sir, to be ruled by such a queen.
He called me a fool, and went his way.
Curious place to keep cigars, eh?
said Gartram, exhaling a huge cloud of smoke.
You haven't won her yet, my lad.
Pleasant, smooth-spoken fellow in black.
Why, Glyddyr, I can read you like a book.
Now, take the rod and pull it out.
The miserable, contemptible pauper!
Sarah, my girl, he has done for me at last.
Oh, dear, no. That's right, you see.
Caused great mental disturbance?
I'll get him to come on a cruise, and bring her.
But did you notice his heavy breathing?
I don't like him, and I never did.
Worse things than being a doctor.
Grand thing to keep a man awake.
Yes; I always hated him, the oppressor and tyrant.
You swear, so help you God, to obey my last words?
Rennals will take poor Isaac's place.
It will be terribly painful for you, I know.
Yes, said the woman, in a harsh voice.
Oh, yes; better than you do, I am sure.
The nasty, spiteful little minx.
Look here, guardian, you know what I have a year?
You have been ill and are irritable.
Don't speak to me like that, sir.
You must be mad to raise your eyes to her.
Silence-- Silence, sir, yourself!
Dare so much as to look at her.
Out with you before you are kicked out.
I warned him to keep his hands off.
Mr Gartram, he said, you'll bitterly repent this.
Are you sure you are not seriously hurt, Glyddyr?
I can't help you, coz; I'm too bad.
Papa, dear, don't talk like that.
Better be ill, and die, and get out of the way.
Hated--cursed by every living soul.
Could anything be more unreasonable?
My heart has grown as hard as granite.
And they will not, do what you will.
There, I'm busy and tired, Claudie.
But I forbid you to help that wretched woman.
She and her husband always hated me.
Confound em, they were always insulting me.
Now, go and send that dreadful woman away.
What the deuce brought you here?
Well, don't be so gloriously glad, dear boy.
These are real diamond studs, sir.
I believe you'd like to hang yourself in chains.
Well, that is my business, you reckless young dog.
You are very generous, sneered Glyddyr.
I'd like to throw you overboard.
Reuben Gellow, your insolence is insufferable.
You owe me-- Curse what I owe you!
Do you want me to wring your neck?
I know everything about you, my dear boy.
And by the way, here are three letters for you.
Better still; much better than cursing me.
Do you want to drive me mad with your foolery?
If she sees me, she will smell a rat.
Yes, confound you, and one of the worst sort.
Chris Lisle had had a bad time mentally.
You're as giddy as a split dog-fish.
Nature must have meant you for a fox.
You said a rat just now, dear boy.
Yes, curse you: do what you like.
Bless you, then, my dear boy; off you go.
You'll do nothing-- He did not finish the sentence.
Good boy; but you'll have to pay for it.
Most painful for us both to stop.
Charming woman, but bit of a tyrant, sir.
I may take her back to-day, eh?
Thanks, no. I never smoke in the daytime.
You sneer me, but you are his friend.
No, I know dat; and you know what I mean.
Ah, that's what Glyddyr says you are not.
Are you fool, or make fun of me?
and you professing to love Chris Lisle.
Not this time, my fine fellow; not this time.
Can you give me a dose of laudanum?
You don't understand women yet.
Then, perhaps, you had better not speak, sir.
Well, don't stand staring like a black image.
Go round by the bridge and you'll meet em.
Papa, I-- Now, don't be hasty, my child.
You are too young yet to understand your own mind.
Come, my pet, we understand each other now?
Hang it all, Claude, don't look at me like that!
Long time since you've had a run after the bahss.
Once a child to you is to be always a child.
Don't you think papa seems much better, Sarah?
You are no longer a little girl.
I'm a wicked, ungrateful wretch.
was the reply, delivered in a surly voice.
Get out with your talking like that.
You gave me a cold chill all down my back.
You actually fooled away money like that!
Like my confounded impudence to ask.
All nonsense, my dear sir; don't trifle with a man.
But I can't sleep, Glyddyr, I can't sleep.
Regularly blast them sometimes.
You see you cannot help yourself.
No, no. Just like you forgetful girls.
But it will be very bad for you.
There, you see I have the whip hand of you.
You're afraid of losing your patient, eh?
No, said Gartram, in his harshest voice.
Here, I'll begin and give you a dose at once.
No, I'll send you a box of pills.
I want to finish my cigar with you.
Don't throw me over by-and-by, Mr Glyddyr, he said.
Shall I ever be such a coward as to consent?
You don't think I have done anything, do you?
Doctor does not cut down my smoking yet.
I have saved you from no end of love-making.
Mary, what nonsense you do talk.
No reply; only the heavy breathing.
Women are naturally weak, and it is Gartram's wish.
And now, pray, go and leave me to myself.
The contemptible, degrading position, he muttered.
That I am a fool, and am to mind my own business.
Sleeping in the day time, and in the evenings.
The tongue is an unruly member, you know.
she moaned, it is too terrible.
Why, my good woman, you look ghastly.
You are going to lie down and sleep.
Are you going to set up for a prophetess, dear?
You did not see me, but I heard everything.
Of course, I rang, said Glyddyr with petulant rage.
Don't want me as a witness, do you?
No; Gellow must do his worst, I can't go on.
And I will, he said, as he clenched his fists.
It isn't cowardice; it's overstrung sensibility.
My cousin is seriously ill, Mr Glyddyr.
MR WIMBLE RAKES FOR INFORMATION.
Wonderful stiff, wiry beard yours, Mr Brime, sir.
No, I don't want to rob you, because I know.
Your girl's in sad trouble, I suppose?
Confound you for daring to come here at all.
And I once more order you to go!
It is an insult to every one here.
When you took a cowardly advantage of me, sir.
I have no time to quarrel with such a cad.
he cried, smiting himself across the mouth.
You kicked out, and it made me feel it.
Oh, Glyddyr, my dear boy, what a fellow you are!
By George, Glyddyr, you are lucky.
Look here, Mr Gellow-- Nonsense, nonsense, man.
Young lady and he are shut up together a deal.
If you don't know what's good for you, I must.
There, I won't bully you, dear boy.
If you haven't got a black one, put on a white.
Till then, my dear madam, I am your guest.
false one--false as false can be.
Hang it all, man, I'm not a specimen.
I daresay she could accommodate him.
Then I am no longer the poor beggar I was called.
No, no, don't withdraw your hand, dearest.
Forgive me, he cried; what a selfish brute I am!
You are ill and hysterical, dear.
Claude, you cannot, you dare not tell me this.
Because I am a weak fool, I suppose.
Get him to set you up, dear boy.
Very unprofessional to have them here, eh?
Might give me too strong a dose.
What a fool I am to think such things as that.
You're better, Glyddyr, decidedly.
Yes, I can turn him round my finger.
What a coward I am, he muttered angrily.
Young men like Mr Chris don't get rich in a day.
You people are always inventing foolish scandals.
Let him rest in his grave in peace.
you would not dare to tell her such a thing.
It is nothing you need listen to.
For heaven's sake give me a dose.
Yes, looks bad, said the Doctor, but all nonsense.
Make yourself easy, man; he will not be.
Last night's reports will be the making of you.
The young man's as innocent as you are.
if you talk like that, you'll make me mad.
Is that meant for a cut at me, Sarah?
For God's sake don't talk like that!
Yer don't know what yer talking about.
Oh, you're precious clever, you are.
He is a coward to say that there.
Why, you ought to ha chucked him off the wall.
The last time I mentioned his name you scolded me.
Why do you put on that air of ignorance?
You heard what I said, dearest?
No, you did not, Mr Trevithick.
I am sure your cousin would not allow it.
Look at me--weak, misshapen, pitiful.
I'm going to stay to meet the new master.
When I'm gone, you can do as you like.
Play policeman, eh, and keep t'other fellow off.
I suppose I may light a cigar now.
Chris Lisle would not be so mad.
Oh, there you are, and our little cousin, eh?
I didn't swear off, but I swore a little way on.
Great deal isn't half big enough, sir.
No, sir: I'm not that sort of man.
She never dares to look me straight in the face.
Get away from here; curse the place.
A miserable, puling, white-faced thing!
Parry Glyddyr, your lawful husband, he yelled.
Not a very safe place, Mrs Sarson, eh?
And this man--police--it must be to arrest.
Mr Parry Glyddyr, he cried, you are my prisoner.
And you, my faith, what could I not do to you?
Go ask him, but he will only lie.
We carefully observe conjugal fidelity and purity.
The Parsis had to seek a new residence.
The Persian nation was singularly maltreated.
that in the East abuses take long in disappearing.
Hanway considers him as a Parsi or Guebre.
These people invariably burn the deceased.
FUNERAL CEREMONIES AND MOURNING OBSERVANCES.
They seem proud of their mutilations.
The work begins as soon as life is extinct.
In other cases they are found placed promiscuously.
Once more, get away, and let me see thee no more.
This was called the ululating Lelo.
nigricans_) and the Mississippi (_A.
And after that he breaks and distributes to all.
CATILINE [LUCIUS SERGIUS CATILINA] (c.
BREEDS OF ENGLISH AND WELSH CATTLE.
BREEDS OF IRISH AND CHANNEL ISLANDS CATTLE.
62) Shallow calls Bardolph's companions cavaleros.
meridionalis_), and rhinoceros (_R.
Dog | X | X | X | X | X | ? | | _Sus scrofa_.
Pig | X | X | X | X | X | ? | | _Equus caballus_.
_se-men_, Ir. _sil_, seed, W. _hil_.
_keaz, kez_, poor, miserable, Vannes _keah, keh_.
And she gave a deep groan and died.
The Polynesians are not a very clannish people.
He took fire in his hands and was burned.
From this perspiration woman was formed.
In the struggle the child was cut in two.
You had better take her bananas.
Maui replied: I belong to Hina.
Maui said: If you live, you may be a traitor.
These he called aeiariki (royal nooses).
He was badly burned and rushed into the sea.
Ira-waru was gluttonous and ate the best food.
MAUI AND PEA-PEA THE EIGHT-EYED.
He was caught and placed in a tabu box.
Will you obey and do as I command?
I shall lie down on its bed of burning stones.
But deeply cover me or I may perish.
I never will, by the Lord Almighty!
Your mother's dreadful afraid you'll catch cold.
Girls don't know much about it.
I guess you ain't got all there is to bear.
Man is animal, but he ain't all animal.
If there is, I ain't never heard of it.
she groaned, quite openly; it looks like p'ison.
Sarah watched her and waited, her eyes dilated.
I ain't afraid to deal with him.
He hasn't been doing anything wrong!
It's what he's eat that's made him what he is.
I wonder you ain't ashamed to talk so.
I'm goin to try to make my son do his duty.
I'd go down on my knees to him to come back!
It would if he cared anything about you.
I know one that's dying to get you.
Of course I know you feel bad enough underneath.
Barney Thayer, ain't you ashamed of yourself?
You don't know anything about it.
I think your mother is terrible hard on him.
William's just about as easy upset as you are.
It's nigher three pounds than anything else.
Say, mother, Rebecca's been cryin!
Mother, I won't stand being talked to so!
You ain't fit to walk this mornin.
Now you look here, Barnabas Thayer.
I ain't goin to shield you because you're my son.
You go right along, Barnabas Thayer!
You've lost your girl; did you know it, Barney?
I can't--let any other man have you!
He held her close, breathing in great pants.
You've jest put your own eyes out.
I ain't got no more to say about it.
What be you a-shuttin the door for?
Don't Mr. Berry look just like an old miser?
You'd better run back, Rebecca.
You ain't been tellin of him you'd have him, now?
Your brother has had enough to do with that family.
I won't stand it, mother; it ain't right!
I feel faint at my stomach, mother.
There ain't nothin happened, has there, Cephas?
Oh, you don't know, Richard, you won't never know!
It ain't any wonder you made the mistake.
You've got the flowers right over your eyes.
You ain't never worn a veil in your life.
I ain't surprised at this at all myself.
She ain't gone out in the snow, has she?
I ain't got anything more to do with it.
She's in here, she said, with a knowing smile.
She must have run when she see you comin!
Goin to get her married right off?
Go away, and stop talking to me!
He's worse than he has been, ain't he?
Look here, jest a minute, mother.
Jest look here a minute, mother.
You'll get a whippin when your mother finds it out.
That's your brother's, ain't it?
You ain't goin to tell my mother?
I went out a-coastin after you an her was asleep.
I ain't heard nothin about apples, mother.
I didn't know as you wanted any pared, mother.
Mother, you ain't goin to whip him?
You are all the child I've got left.
Oh, Ephraim, my son, my son, my son!
Some of the women got her into her own room.
mother hadn't ought to have whipped him!
The neighbors did not darken her doors.
Why, what ails you, mother, what ails you?
Dunno--she can't get up; come quick!
You didn't see Barney, did you?
A man is what he puts into his mouth.
She's terrible thick with Rebecca.
No, she ain't, nor her silk gown neither.
An you've got em all laid away, yellowin?
I heard the town was allowing her on it.
Your mother had ought to had her thirds in it.
Richard Alger treated her mean.
I'm glad I have, replied Richard, grimly.
I knew you couldn't do anything, Hannah.
We'd took you right in, either one of us.
You think you'd rather live here, then?
There ain't nothin to take on about.
For God's sake, Barney, you are sick!
For God's sake talk sense, Barney!
I guess Barney takes after her.
Squire Payne's son, he wanted her bad.
She's a fool if she does, he returned, gruffly.
Folks are fools, grunted Cephas.
There ain't anythin happened, has there, Cephas?
You ain't got it, have you, Cephas?
If it goes clean over, they die.
Charlotte said, bending over him.
They are--going to--take it--up.
The name < (called PROVINCIALISMS).
A black and ---- white boy were walking together.
---- unsupported by fact is worthless.
Shall I give your son a stimulus (stimulant)?
He made a ---- of marriage to her.
STIMULUS, STIMULANT, STIMULATION.
7. This man is an egoist (egotist).
Such a (an) ---- of sheep as we saw to-day!
Arnold was despised for his ----.
Rescue my poor remains from vile ----.
I am young, a ---- in the trade.
The apple is especially an American ----.
REQUIREMENT, REQUISITION, REQUISITE.
The United States has unlimited--s.
You suffer from headache more than--.
There is no one here but you and--.
5. The Germans are better plodders than--.
7.--boys are having a fine time.
They don't succeed any better than--.
1. I will not learn my duty from such as ----.
Such girls as ---- are not good companions.
Girls like ---- are not good company.
---- do you think she looks like?
4. Think of me (my) eating frogs legs.
3. Proud damsel, ---- shalt be proudly met.
She laughs like one out of ---- mind.
They shall--from the wrath to come.
4. You will (shall) repent of this.
I will (shall) not endure his rudeness.
3. He says he ---- not be able to come.
9. I ---- think he ---- know they are fooling him.
Unless he _behave_[86] better, he will be punished.
All children ---- their mothers.
She is very kind to ask me to ---- overnight.
I've been ----ing with my mother for a week.
5. It gives me pleasure to ---- your invitation.
9. When I return, I shall ---- you.
Not to know me ----s yourself unknown.
COMPARE TO, COMPARE WITH, CONTRAST.
the sinner is ----d to (with) a sheep.
Pharaoh said, I will ---- you go.
I will ---- you know my decision to-morrow.
Sylla and Marius ----d each other's adherents.
4. Your coat fits you very ----.
As ---- as not you love her yourself.
---- evil beast hath devoured him.
I will not lie; I will die ----.
9. Bad books are ---- to corrupt the reader, 10.
Books ---- worthless are ---- harmless.
9. The--- American is not wealthy.
---- food in a ---- climate makes a ---- man.
A victory may be a ---- defeat.
Tabby has the worst temper of any cat I know.
What put this idea ---- your head?
You must conform ---- the rules.
He is acquitted ---- all blame.
They were independent ---- each other.
That is not derogatory ---- their character.
5. The remark is worthy the fool that made it.
2. She fears a chicken ---- you fear a snake.
Do not come ---- you hear from me.
---- you study better, you will be dropped.
Stand up so ---- you can be seen.
_Afraid, scared_, distinguished, 124.
_Aggravating, irritating_, distinguished, 119.
_Angry, mad_, distinguished, 123.
_Broke, broken_, distinguished, 61.
_Buck_, feminine corresponding to, 21.
_Bullock_, feminine corresponding to, 21.
_Detect, discriminate_, distinguished,99.
_Duck_, masculine corresponding to, 21.
_Goose_, masculine corresponding to, 21.
_Heifer_, masculine corresponding to, 21.
_Mad, angry_, distinguished, 128.
_Slew, Slain_, distinguished, 62.
SONNENSCHEIN, PROFESSOR, quoted, 83.
He took the freaks idea And made it his own.
He devised his own story Using the freaks word.
And the freak just walked away.
I will stop this silly little flood.
The freak complied with his plea.
To the freak, a lesson he would teach.
He thinks he is a great man too!
Into the forest, he marched in retaliation.
These men were indeed one and the same!
The freak looked at the girls and smiled.
Ambitious sickness, what doth thee so harden?
Ah flocks, why stand you all aghast?
No eyes, since you must lose your seeing!
XVI Grant, fairest kind, a kiss unto thy friend!
Which if I do, why do I not wax cold?
O heavenly kisses from a mouth divine!
O sighs perfumed, that can release my smart!
This me contents, and others make afeard.
I fere To tell all to you I shall undo you.
Empfach mich uff das New In deines hertzen triu.
corrupted into sumer -late (M.S.
note) onustus, but rather cretus.
Your correspondent J. SANSOM (No.
* * * * * QUERIES PROPOSED, NO.
The EARLY CONFLICTS of CHRISTIANITY.
LOUDON'S ENCYCLOPAEDIA of GARDENING.
LIVES of the CHIEF JUSTICES of ENGLAND.
You big, lazy man, get up and stir yourself!
Dunder and blixen, vot Dutch Indians!
Shmart boys, said he, approvingly.
I axes you once more, and dis is de last time.
What you going to do, my dear frau?
Yeh, me--Oonomoo out dere on log.
So I let dat Ferrington have her.
So I t'inks, replied the Indian, with a grin.
Yaw, de Shawnees ish great on _dat_ business.
Yes, yes; they destroyed everything.
A good t'ing; a good t'ing if he only has.
Dey won't hurt you, I doesn't t'ink.
May be dey burns you, but dat ain't sartain.
Ain't dere notting else to tell him?
Nice, good Mr. Injine, don't hurt me!
He never hurt an Injine in all his life.
He never hurt good Injine in all his life!
wanted to see if you was afeard, too.
I didn't say nuffin for fear ob scaring ob _you_.
She lubs the Leftenant altogeder too much.
I guess Cato knows enough to take care of his self.
Don't spect none of dem Injines will be back here?
Dar's forty fousand of em out dar in de clearing!
You ain't agoin to leab me here, be you?
Dunno--meb so--didn't take him way, dough.
Oonomoo goes as the enemy of the Shawnees.
Yaw, dey's won't wake if you pound em.
Yaw, but don't push me over on mine nose.
It bees you all de time dat is making de noise.
Not a hair of my head has been injured.
You helped her away in the night.
dat Huron, Oonomoo, has got her!
Stop noise, commanded Oonomoo, peremptorily.
She is hid in the woods, waiting for Oonomoo.
you fired before the orders were given.
Oonomoo and Fluellina are dying.
THE LAND OF ENCHANTMENT X. NO RECONCILIATION XI.
THE LEGEND OF THE PERFECT FOOD XV.
A MAN'S SOUL THE DOUBLE LIFE OF MR.
He died, the young man explained.
I've seen all I want--and smelt!
Not your usual bright and eloquent self, eh?
He fingered the offending articles.
Fancy your appearance, perhaps!
He was down and his junior kicked him.
Have you changed into a blithering fool, or what?
Taken a dislike--Lord love a duck!
They won't recognize you in that get-up.
You're getting on to him now, are you?
And why is he tugging at your skirt so?
Have you lost your tongue or your wits or what?
Not going to stay here to be swindled!
They must think us folks don't know nothing.
Ought to be ashamed of yourself!
You needn't insult me, young fellow, he declared.
If you interfere this time, I'll break your head.
Ought to be ashamed of yourself.
They're wrong uns--won't do you a bit of good.
So long, and don't forget to look us up.
Regular thieves, the people he was with.
Just do as you say; put down--what you see.
Do as you're told, or I'll box your ears.
That's absurd, Burton, he replied, and you know it.
Hateful people they were, all of them.
Why, that person was abominable!
Now I am a drifter--what you will.
Ellen removed the clothes-peg from her mouth.
Not good enough for you as we are, eh?
You don't like our clothes or our manners!
Outside, my man, and stay outside!
But then everything you do is improper.
I will not admit that, he declared.
You belong to me--I feel that you belong to me!
I have found you--you are mine!
None of these warnings have come to you yet.
My God, I can't bear it any longer!
Our own learned men have been blind.
Please don't think of it, he begged.
You are a most unreasonable child, he declared.
I think that you are very lazy this afternoon.
You, she declared, are a phenomenon.
He is an egotistical and ignorant person.
This man Bomford is his friend.
I have refused and they are very angry.
Of course, I'm half ashamed of what I'm saying.
Wish they'd mind their own business.
Staying away for months at a time!
The odor, too, is insufferable.
Please don't remind me of it, he begged.
You were always such a one for acting!
My dear Ellen, you must be a little more explicit.
Took a dislike to his tie and burned it.
An unnatural little impudent scallywag of a child!
You eat things sometimes, I suppose, daddy?
If you are busy, daddy, I shan't mind a bit.
I know it for I have proved it.
When they are gone there is an end of me.
You do not terrify me in the least.
If I see your piano I shall want to vamp.
Yet you take one's breath away with your schemes.
Your wife has just paid me a visit.
Before long you'll be very glad, eh?
She departed, slamming the door after her.
You yourself have only six or seven months left.
I think it hateful and abominable.
You don't know what my temptations were!
Did you ever see a more beautiful curve?
Did you part with both your beans?
Now don't you forget, Mr. Bunsome.
Mr. Burton, I'm ashamed of you!
You are such deceivers, you know!
Some woman, I expect, you've been gone on.
I've no patience with you--not a bit.
Don't get chippy before this evening.
I don't think I'll give you anything else to drink.
I've had enough of you, Mr. Burton.
Say, old man, you're going it a bit, aren't you?
Did you part with all your beans?
You'd have given me one the other night.
Been striking it thick, haven't you?
Best thing I ever touched in my life.
I don't want you fooling about here.
Look here, my man, I've had about enough of this.
You can leave your wife because she can't stop you.
Would you like to know just what I think of you?
Please forgive me for being such a rotter.
He ventured to put his arm around her waist.
I'd no right to come down here like that.
But mebbe you think he ain't got a temper!
He's an awful good man, but clost.
They're th stylishest relations we got.
And Wilbur's awful absent minded.
you couldn't throw nothin but a fit, he says.
Still, Evans is most awful clumsy, too.
Pore feller suff'rer, he called it.
That made ma purty mad, I tell you.
Don't she look jist like a settin hen?
I'll learn that tribe they can't soft-soap me!
Jist look at them little, shrewd eyes!
DRAUGHTS, TWISTS AND TRAVELERS.
If Travelers are poor the work will run bad.
SQUARE ROOT TABLE FOR THE TWIST OF YARNS.
children amended from childern.
In spite of blameless lives they are hated.
DIONYSIUS, pope from 259 to 268.
_pedicare_, _pedica_, a fetter.
The doctors of the Church are: for the East, SS.
I am a Peace Crusader, I announced.
Such men are always welcome in Russia.
The Viceroy Alexieff is a vain boaster.
So you have a message for my dear mistress?
The Czar has personally intervened.
The train has just left, was the crushing reply.
Colonel Menken scowled at me haughtily.
Or has some fool ordered you to shadow me?
In the end, she was too many for him.
Smoking is forbidden, he said roughly.
You yourself are a Pole, I believe.
You enjoy the confidence of the Czar.
His last words were a message to your majesty.
Will these contradictions never end!
Perhaps it is because I am mad.
It was because he knew I hated him!
Then the police came on the scene.
There was a secret trial, and I was condemned.
And to save your life you consented.
Really, you are a cool hand, my dear V----!
At the Palace he put me down and drove off.
Private Englishmen are capable of anything.
You do not trust me, Andreas V----.
My dear M. V----, I am not a bigot.
I saw that I was dealing with a cormorant.
The ignorance may be mutual, I observed drily.
They will want to see my corpse, I suppose.
That will be quite unnecessary as well as useless.
Nonsense, Fauchette, I have just praised you.
You talk foolishly, believe me, Princess.
Monsieur V----, you don't know what you ask!
You are therefore not even a political criminal.
I have a loaded revolver in my pocket.
You will do better to confess yourself.
You seem very confident, he sneered.
You, yourself, wouldn't know him.
You must be Petrovitch, I suppose.
You want me to hide you from the police!
In the meantime you will be under a guard.
It is not my fault, as you can see, sir.
Sit down, my good girl, I said soothingly.
_Gott im Himmel!_ You don't say so!
Remember what has been done already.
Do not play with me, M. Petrovitch.
What you tell me is monstrous--ridiculous.
I will give you a court-martial with closed doors.
I have already asked to be confronted with him.
Can't help it, Mother, I replied.
It was all a farce, a pretext, I knew.
Take a good look at me, gentlemen.
I've taken my fun and my pleasure wherever I could.
After you'd taken her, you left her!
And here you sit crowing over it!
Didn't you hear what I called you?
His jaw was hanging loose, his eyes bulging.
But I wanted to see this wise earth guy fail.
When you go out you'll stay out!
Just think of that being loose, will you?
Hammersly did what we all wanted to do.
Only the ignorant believed that Moyen was mad.
Kane, you're crazy, or I am, or....
We will see in a matter of seconds.
Moyen, in the end we will beat you!
But it doesn't matter, and may be only a blind!
I know, said Kleig, his face a mask of terror.
My people will annihilate yours!
I stipulate only that my own life be spared!
* * * * * Voicelessly the word went forth: Slay!
Then the bomb fell and exploded.
This has thrown your civilization out of balance.
You use talc mostly for toilet purposes.
You have no superiors in your line.
Drop out of life on this planet.
For the love of God bring on the net!
I would not have done that to Dean; he forced me.
Masquerading now as her brother.
Johnson offered to try and capture you.
By the Gods, I warn you I can check up on you!
I added, You think you are clever.
There is plenty you don't know.
Gregg, if they are listening-- I pushed her away.
Anita would arm herself, and come and release me.
By God, this Haljan is with us!
You'll be rich like us all, never fear.
Gregg, we must get you back to your cubby!
George Prince has no business here with me!
I fired my paralyzing cylinder through my cloak.
I beat his skull with the metal of my cylinder.
Miko was struggling with Anita.
I flung the useless cylinder at them.
Do you think I am such a child you can escape me!
She said, Leave me with him, Miko....
There will be fighting with Grantline.
You're a strange fellow, Haljan.
He held his huge fist before my face.
With these fingers I will twist your neck!
And in Ferrok-Shahn, others, no doubt.
That miserable mouselike creature!
I think you will cause no more trouble, Gregg?
These weird amateur navigators!
Venza's swift words back there in the lounge.
By the Almighty, Moa, are you up there?
Moa's knife could have stabbed me.
Here, get out of my way, all of you!
But you have me to deal with now.
Miko gigantic--a great, menacing ogre.
Abruptly Miko strode at me from across the room.
Anita spoke in a careful, throaty drawl.
My accursed, witless incapacity!
Unmasked the waxen art of Glutz.
So, little Anita, you are given back to me.
A million million rills were here.
Grotesque, bloated semblance of a man!
We all know it's infernal doing nothing.
Unreasonable, ominous depression!
Excitement and pleasure swept the room.
You'll bulge out our walls, Commander.
Moa watched me and Snap, a grim, cold Amazon.
It's the girl, masquerading as her brother.
We will watch him, little Anita.
Miko muttered, That accursed Hahn.
He stood over them with menacing weapon.
Her arms went around me, and I lifted her.
Anita, we must get out of here!
She shuddered and turned away and gripped me.
Did you think I wanted you with my dying breath?
The lights on her were extinguished.
Were her eyes going back on her?
But Allen, you must listen, listen carefully.
The director under your tongue.
It's really none of your business.
* * * * * Opthalmia be sugared!
What are you doing--pulling my leg?
Oh, ye wud, wud yer, little mann?
Finery, haughtiness do not entice me.
Today a proud Rome claims to be queen of the world.
Often will she turn up, ever in a new form.
Falconier ogled me often enough.
Here I stand in the end being cheated and scolded.
You don't believe your own words.
Oh come now, admit what I am saying is true.
I am wont to obey, when my commander decrees.
XVI Boy, won't you light me a lamp.
Wretched young fellow, be gone and obey me!
Boldly defending your own beautiful apples of gold.
Go seek other realms beneath heaven.
I haven't escaped her, the goddess.
She's coming, and must not be seen by the neighbor!
Here, perhaps, is a post for poor Mr. MASTERMAN.
* * * * * POLITICS ON THE LINKS.
CODLINS, OW ARE YOU, OW ARE YOU?
I AVEN'T SEEN YOU TO SPEAK TO FOR AGES.
1500 feet--BETWEEN MAN AND BEAST.
Besides, if he saw us together he'd probably know.
WAS SHE A NASTY CRUEL MOTHER, THEN?
I don't mean that he lives by sculping.
Why, you're not doing my mouth yet, I urged.
You've never had anything in yet, have you?
There's such a lot of rotten vanity knocking about.
You can't be such a bad subject after all.
COUSIN HUGH straightway blocked it by a bogus Bill.
You've got to stay where you are till you die.
Don't, with a superior air, be silly, Dan.
Have you got a knife in your pocket, Dan?
I have already written to your aunt.
You are always rubbing the servants the wrong way.
I don't take any notice of her.
It do seem like it, she groaned.
You don't fink he is hurt, do you, Kitty?
You don't fink Dan has been struck, do you?
It's only me they are down on, really.
Look at my nose, miss, he said meaningly.
I know; but he didn't tell us to do the same.
Yes, I know; but you only pretend.
She had had much success with girls.
And I'll beat her too, snapped Betty.
Why doesn't Aunt Pike teach her better?
They won't scratch us then, will they?
I only pities em if they ain't Demshur.
I am sure you must be quite exhausted.
I have been such a--such a fool; worse than a fool.
Bad people would be afraid to come.
No, I don't believe it, she snapped.
I love it, she exclaimed with a sigh of pleasure.
Now be quiet, Pamela, while I make my list.
You see, he knows so many poor people.
You see, I can always send for your aunt.
I don't think she looked so last term.
Then you set this on fire on purpose!
I wonder you aren't afraid to be so wicked!
Poor child, I will take you to your room.
You ain't feeling bad, are you?
JOVE'S EAGLE, AND MURMURING BEASTS.
It is the mind, And not the gold, corrupts mankind.
It is your fault, and none of mine, Cupid replied.
And why is it beside that flint?
My lord, my lord, you me deride, ah!
women might Take me to be some crazy wight.
The master said: Hanged he shall be!
THE PERSIAN, THE SUN, AND THE CLOUD.
he cried: Why do you interfere?
You would have been a husk of straw.
She, sprawling, said, You rascal craven!
The nag that wills it, must be free!
Are you malcontent That I possess superior scent?
THE JACKALL, LEOPARD, AND BEASTS.
Is not she our fair cousin, Vice?
And so my time, which you contemn, flies.
I see thee weeping, trembling, captive led.
This excuse can no longer be considered valid.
ADDED INJURIES FROM TIGHT CLOTHING.
ARTIFICIALITIES OF CIVILIZED LIFE.
FRIENDSHIP BETWEEN BOYS AND GIRLS.
WHAT A YOUNG WOMAN OUGHT TO KNOW.
They are irritants, stimulants, nerve-poisons.
If you are wise you will avoid them.
Huxley says, For every vital act, life is used up.
You cannot think, because you cannot fully breathe.
This is true even of the most ignorant or degraded.
And here let me give you a word of warning.
The results of self-abuse are most disastrous.
If she is prudish she won't get any attention.
Do you really believe that, dear girl?
She is acknowledged to be his physical tempter.
The subterfuge is too transparent.
Breathe slowly and very deeply.
Lean head slowly as far back as possible.
That is, he loves himself through her.
Then be yourself when he comes.
BIBLE TEXTS BEARING ON THE SUBJECT OF HEREDITY.
You have been posing a little before each other.
might such stalwart sons be shed.
Limbo, man, and a bad job, too.
Sech bleeding eyes--an nose, hey?
you man; what the deuce are you doing aboard here?
Trunnell appeared to sniff sarcasm.
Jest sort o smelly like fer new junk.
Yes, sir, the faultfinder is always a failure.
Why is Mr. Trunnell like a lady's bouquet, hey?
It's because he's a daisy, rapped out the skipper.
That's it, Mr. Rolling, he's a daisy, ha, ha, ha!
Is that it, you square-toed, lantern-jawed swab?
Don't pull a pound on the bleeding line.
Did you ever see such a lot o confounded fools?
Shall I get yo drink fust, sah?
Don't make a fool of yourself before these men.
She'll go off soon, yelled the mate in my ear.
Oh, it isn't so bad the way she's taking it now.
Yessah, dey is dat. Hab a leetle nip fore yo goes?
This time you expected just right, Trunnell.
We've got a big enough load already.
Then I slid it back, and entered.
The stuffy little box was full of men.
Bile em, white man, said the cook.
Yah, yah, Mr. Chips, but you beats me.
Yes, sah, you beats me, but yer haid is thick.
What would yer do but drink the water, white man?
What's th use av ye talking like a fool?
Twas good, he used to say, fer things in th head.
'Pon me sowl, what cud I do else?
A man as can talk an act in a way they likes.
Go it, owld gal, give it to him.
I votes we ax the ole man to put im abo'ad her.
Do you know what you resemble, hey?
No offence, old man, sit down and eat your grub.
His face turned purple with rage.
You follow this lay, don't you?
Jest think of a stomach full o warts.
I can just make out her mastheads.
Oh, no, said the ruffian, I intend to stay.
Big head, nothin in it, as the sayin is.
Every word you say is mutinous.
Shake out the bunt of yer breeches and come here.
Then he'd grab me and yank me acrost his knee.
asked the fellow, with a smirk.
You must do this or you will be insubordinate.
All we did was to defend ourselves.
Will you surrender and put down your knives?
Don't let Dalton get forward alive.
Only get off before it's too late.
What made you come with us, you rogue?
You shall not go back for them!
Fill her up agin an let me have some.
It's a wonder you ever go to sleep.
Tis no use av makin any more av it, cap'n.
Take a little o de stuff what warms an inwigerates.
Discipline is discipline, an you knows it.
You better go below, Rolling, said he.
says I. We ain't a-goin to bring them back noways.
Where they is I don't much keer.
No, sir; go ahead and enjoy yourself.
I will when he gets off a good joke, mother.
You couldn't rise to the occasion like your mamma.
I say, Rolling, what the deuce are you two doing?
What makes the top of your mast so black, hey?
So here I am, all in a mess wid that little mate.
Give way, bullies, you're going to sleep.
That's it, boys, give it to her.
I'd ask you all aboard, but this ship ain't mine.
Now be a sensible little fellow.
If he ain't a-comin back, he ain't capting, sure.
Cause he take good care o dat trunk, ma'm.
I didn't think ye ware that kind o missy.
he said, with a loud grunt of disgust.
Stan clear an let a man have a chanst.
I want a yaller silk ban'kercheef.
Go along, ye lucky dog, he cried.
Her hand closed upon mine behind the backboard.
Now it will be, Come, ducky, come and be cooked.
Do you know her engagement's off?
Is that all you called me in for?
I heard enough of that last night.
I'm not there and never will be.
You don't know what a good time means.
You know big men never run after you.
Come, ducky, come and be cooked!
It's easy as rolling off a log to manage a woman.
Mr. Loveland, you _exhaust_ me!
Then I will teach you that I also can be firm.
Steve gardens, and you know it.
You haven't any wife or daughter.
That's why they're bothering us so?
I always said you were a little---- Sh-h!
She don't say much, but she looks it.
Why, you don't look any too well.
DeLancy is insane by this time, I know!
Hilda, you sit still and cool off!
You've just been in a stew ever since you came.
I'll never hear the last of this as long as I live!
Now you follow him, and be off--both of you!
I don't care if they get as cold as an iceberg!
You treat me as if I were a two-year-old child!
Bridget, she said, can you milk?
No more wud I, an he's stud it so long.
You're all of you as mean as you can be!
No more you needn't, me darlint!
Steve has left her right out here.
She didn't even look toward you.
That's what makes Lillie higher than you.
Oh, he was an odious old thing!
Haven't you anything decent to eat?
But he only made a great hateful ts-s!
reiterated this young avenging fury.
Sure a big dose of bees will be good fer her.
Shure it's the divil himsilf broke loose!
There, now, come, Mr. Loveland--she's off!
Ef she'll hitch on I could, he say.
Shure she was in that last beefsteak I ate.
She said he was mean enough to do anything.
Oh, I can't stand it no longer.
she blazed, and you're a contemptible brute!
I wonder you aren't ashamed to be alive!
You're using the poker too freely.
You didn't think much of her at one time, did you?
Influenced by like suit, often seen of you.
By a Club, cruel and slanderous.
Influenced by its like suit, a Displeasure.
If so I must have had a raptus.
My miserable hearing does not trouble me here.
Do get wise, and find your raison.
I may say that I live a wretched existence.
No, my unhappy condition will never end.
Art, the persecuted one, always finds an asylum.
He must have had his arm under the pillow.
I did ask him; he had his arm around B.'s neck.
Go to the devil with your gracious Sir!
CRAB MEAT IN TIMBALE CASES 8 Timbale cases.
AMBROSIA 6 sweet Florida oranges.
EGGLESS RICE PUDDING 4 cups milk.
Batter must be smooth as cream.
CREAM DRESSING 3 hard cooked egg yolks.
SPINACH WITH DEVILED EGGS 1 peck spinach.
BAKED BANANAS WITH SULTANA SAUCE 6 bananas.
BAKED HALIBUT Wipe a two-pound slice of halibut.
Pour sauce around liver and serve.
Mash and squeeze berries through cheese cloth.
Serve with FOAMY SAUCE 2 egg whites.
Turn into sterilized fruit jars, seal and store.
Whites 4 eggs beaten until stiff.
Soak (head down) in cold salt water to cover.
BLACKBERRY ROLY-POLY 2 cups blackberries.
BOILED SWEET CORN Have the water boiling.
Drain through double cheese cloth.
thickest part of hind beef shin.
PARSNIP FRITTERS Wash and scrub parsnips.
GERMAN COFFEE CAKE 1 cup scalded milk.
Boomerang was a good mule in his day.
Ned, you steady her on that side.
You can turn her over, Rad; can't you?
You are sure that Andy Foger isn't around.
You make a man nervous, with your cups of tea.
CHAPTER IV LOOK OUT FOR MY RIVAL!
I don't suppose you mind a fight or two; do you?
He's sure to make trouble if he gets on your trail.
We ain't goin neah de Amerzon riber at all.
well, the less said about them the better.
I'm going to giant land, fight or no fight!
I guess we won't be bothered with him.
You won't have to worry about him.
You'll have no trouble I guess.
Don't tell everyone our business, Rad.
I'll keep mighty still bout it.
Maybe he's a gambler in disguise.
I'll put on some other disguise!
Plenty much, sometimes too many they come.
Make them so they can't join the others!
Yo'-all am too much excited bout him.
Come on here, you obstinate brute!
That's a big boa constrictor that has Mr. Damon!
San Pedro, and the other natives, could do nothing.
Put me down, boys, I guess I can walk.
There's a native war going on around here.
Small charges, just to stun them!
Ask him where the giant men live?
Rad, you go stand guard over our stuff.
There's a man here as big as a mountain.
Please good Mr. Angel-- Dry up, Rad!
Then why not with human beings?
You're one of the royal family now, Tom.
He was that fake minister on the boat.
But I guess they are too gentle to fight.
If they attack us we will have to defend ourselves.
Is that possible to any of you giants?
I guess they're going to besiege us.
You're too weak to do much, replied Tom.
Let em go right in their faces!
Him too old, and he motioned to Eradicate.
I never heard of such a thing in all my life!
121 X A Night With the Indians.
Big Pete isn't doing that for fun!
And they want me to finish the job do they?
The nags Big Pete had was really runnin away.
And what of that burly giant, by the way?
Ye air takin long chances, boys, I do tell ye.
There is little future for a young man here.
Haunted by Redcoat spies, I guess, Ree answered.
John kicked Ree's shins under the table.
I just had in mind puttin a flea in your ear.
You are almost too big for your breeches!
I am going to skirmish for the rascal!
Just you keep your breeches on!
His cold hand on my bare skin waked me up.
It looks consarned strange, that's what I say!
The boys slept with one eye open that night.
Go long way off and never mind.
You are thinking of Big Pete; I know you are!
Don't sell the nag, then; come right along with me.
The Scalp at Big Buffalo's Belt.
Got a little muscle, too, ain't ye?
Oh, these here boys are frisky!
If Big Buffalo had a dared, he'd a pitched onto us.
It ain't your'n, kitten, an ye can be glad o that.
I see all that--I ain't so blind!
That Buffalo varmint means harm.
Did ye hit him, d'ye think, Ree?
It is fer me to squar accounts--an I'll--do it.
Has the Big Buffalo cause to be unfriendly?
Other Palefaces are crowding further and further.
You've been making love behind my back, have you?
RECONNOITRING COURGIVAULT 76 IV.
We are only here to take care of the train.
You are soldiers, like the others....
Why have you let them come into our country?
I'm sure you don't know what fear is!
and not in the right direction!
I put the muzzle of my revolver into his ear.
Two explosions about 300 yards in front of us!
Your country relies upon you to stop them.
No, you couldn't treat us so cruelly.
and we give it to our poor old people on festivals.
Sister Gabrielle, you are an angel from Paradise.
But, one thing, we shall sleep like tops.
glorious legacy of our ancestors!
Suddenly a cold breath of air blew into my retreat.
Now the blast summoning me is sounded.
I took your mother's place as best I could.
then shall they drink freely of their own gore!
From giants ye have become pigmies!
This time his tone was calm, stagnant as despair.
She is not here: that is enough for you to know.
I don't care for your master and mistress.
Desperate positions require desperate measures.
The nurse stood at the door, defiant.
A great brown man with a beard.
Maybe, she is gone for the police?
I believe there's a curse on you.
I'll leave that poor Ailsie, too.
If you don't send for the police, I shall.
My mind misgave me when I heard he never came in.
But you found your mistake, didn't you?
What is your terrible hurry, mee deer?
If I tell you, ma'am, you won't tell missis?
You have been a mortal long time!
Why, your witness to be sure, ma'am.
But be considerate, I beg ee, mee deer.
I am bitterly punished--I am, I am!
I never care what anyone else does.
They say that he is secretly married.
Men understand women so little.
Well, go and drink his champagne.
for _GOD'S_ sake, help my children and me.
Help your mother's friend, your own old friend.
She dropped the letter into the fire.
That's what I do, and it's why I'm so wretched.
Only I'll tell you what I'll do.
But you will--that is you would.
Quite sure I'm a beastly duffer?
Are you really sure my mother doesn't know?
Of your mother, I say--_always_.
Your ears shall tingle, I can tell you.
Never was there a more unjust war.
Christian Herwig died in abject misery.
His head remained for many years exposed on a pike.
They cut off his nose flush with his face.
I shut it up and went to my meal.
Italians are not of much account.
Kicks instead of pay, they said.
They pointed to the men that had been executed.
We shall soon settle your account.
Wait till you are told to go and then go.
Take it, go, and leave me in peace.
They brought the emperor a corpse.
May the lightning blast him, and so forth.
Dear Bastian, replied Boineburg, May God help you.
Go wherever you like, she snarled.
May the devil take you and them.
There was a great loss of life and property.
Hide thy head with shame, vile hypocrite!
And I have accomplished all this with my pen.
Have you not got your paunch to fill?
May all the evils of Job befall thee.
Maltzan turned a deaf ear to all my requests.
As a matter of course, he was not very matutinal.
I beg to submit that this man be strictly watched.
And clapped into gaol if necessary, I retorted.
What he has got is simply ridiculous.
Immediately, as usual, the Jews were accused of it.
I forbid the bans, for one, cried Trevanion.
N'importe--then we'll fight at a barriere.
Come let us see what vein you are in.
Bring him down, and I'll die easy.
But, tell me fairly, am I a good Pole?
Sure, if I'm a Pole, that's enough of misfortune.
But she is a disagreeable creeter, and no mistake.
And no human bein wuz ever known to suit her.
And she finds em, finds lots of em.
Tis down on ye he was that time!
Musha, but ye may well get red in the face!
Don't leave one of them living!
He'll lave his mark on some of yez yet!
get him out of this before they're down on me.
This is no exaggerated picture.
Let Owen Connor, behyind you, give it, acushla!
I'll lave him now, and go be a sodger.
What's the matter wid yourself, Owen?
sit down, avich, and taste this.
Yes, Patsy, said Owen, kissing him, your own Nony!
I've got the sickness, and am going fast.
This is a cowld damp place for you, my boy.
The heavens be his bed this night!
don't say them words, and I laving you for ever.
Don't you hear, my good fellow?
Tis a thrue one, as sure as I live in sin.
So that's what you'd be at, my boy, is it?
said Heffernan, with a sneering accent.
Ould Heffernan, divil fear him!
Milton was a Puritan, Keats a neo-pagan.
And what does that proud injured Ajax reply?
And is that Woman all her crew?
Is it not one of alarm and disgust?
O Life, as futile, then, as frail!
What if it be stagnant and slimy here?
I did no think; gi me my supper, woman.
They're bad enough, that's true.
What a flesh-tint the stuff has!
Summat to make her live, I think,--like you.
May, he broke out impatiently, are you blind?
So many nerves to sting them to pain.
Not I, I tell you, said Kirby, testily.
Things go harder Wi you nor me.
It's only poor Deb,--hur knows?
Never saw a man so cut down in my life.
These mill-hands are gettin onbearable.
It acts different on em, bein sentenced.
Most of em gets reckless, devilish-like.
That woman, now, she's desper't.
dunnot look at me, when it wur my fault!
broke out Haley, pushing her before him.
It was good to see a face like that.
Granny Hill the boys called her.
Did hur know my boy wud like it?
Give us our one, precious, solitary eye!
You have two of your own Give us our eye!
I am by no means a bad young man.
Don't let them make a fool of you!
But, if I cannot see you, neither can the Gorgons.
The sight would turn you to stone!
This instant, repeated Polydectes, or you die!
The young fool shall make apology!
clucked Trenchard, irrepressible.
Richard threw his wine in Mr. Wilding's face?
I would not have Richard a coward.
It will tell you what a palsied thing you are.
A cane would be the weapon he'd use on you.
The only truth is that Richard is afraid.
Were I in your place, I'd straight to Wilding.
But you are in no case to stand!
Is this a time for trafficking with doxies?
I bring you worship, and you answer me with scorn.
He paused, the rope in his, his eye kindling anew.
He'll be stiff as a broom-handle--an easy victim.
quoth he, you are in no case to fight.
S a scurvy trick I'm playing the Duke.
S treason to him--treason no less.
Could I wed the sister having slain the brother?
snapped Blake before she could reply.
But at least you shall not be sacrificed.
And if I were to say that it is white?
In time, I swear, you shall not think it.
Give it me, he bade her, waxing fierce.
Let me know more, he begged her.
I'll sli throat of any man t says so.
Are ye sure ye're norrer foul traitor?
Are y sure, for if ye're not...
Down with Popery, and God save the Protestant Duke!
Have I sat at table with a traitor?
Are you capable of such a baseness?
Are you as stubborn as your friend?
By God, sir, you are a daring rogue!
Of course not, said Albemarle with heavy sarcasm.
He's not even an ingenious liar.
You're but an indifferent liar.
What an impudent rogue have we here!
You give me credit for no more wit than yourself.
Aye, you may stare, sneered Trenchard.
I'll allow no brother of hers to hang in my place.
Slife I'll make an example of you.
Are we to listen to this milksop prattle?
There will be no second coming for you.
Men will not trust you another time.
The Cause is good; but its leader---Pshaw!
For my own, sir; for my own I would have you know.
Yet the egregious fool went on.
Not looked to do so, Your Gr...
You have a rare effrontery, sir--aye, by God!
Do you dare call Danvers a coward?
I'll not endure it from this knave!
We are not pleased with you, Mr. Wilding.
suggested Ferguson at that moment.
An insolent, overbearing knave!
See what it is to serve a weakling.
said he; did you mark that girl's discomposure?
You have nothing but mockery for me.
Never bear an old man malice, lad, said he.
Shalt urge me no excuses, or we'll quarrel.
cried Richard, his eyes blazing, his lips livid.
Now, what a plague is't you're saying?
He moistened his lips with his tongue.
Or die like the muckworm that you are.
he asked with a sudden increase of fierceness.
Because that craven villain there betrayed me.
Why were they not abed like all decent folk?
You t'ought t'at be to do your duty, eh?
Natural you will not speak true.
A traitor I ave observe is always liar.
Your lordship is pleased to account me a traitor?
Feversham scowled at him, smiling darkly.
More I dare not give you, as you can see.
Nay, nay, little child, he whispered in her ear.
I'm an attainted outlaw, Walters, he explained.
Ask his craven, numskulled lordship.
Do you keep a fool's egg under that nest of hair?
Sir Rowland, said he, you're a knave.
quoth Trenchard, understanding less and less.
Have you turned Mussulman, perchance?
Your brother must have been helping us.
Both are nearly twice the size of your own.
But, lad, never forget that you are English.
English boys play with all their might.
Why, he has a wrist like iron, this cousin of mine.
No, Pierre; the men will look after him, as usual.
Soldiers are generally bad cooks.
The rest of you stay here, and guard these lackeys.
What does this mean, you rascals?
I am a Huguenot officer, and you are my prisoner.
Now it is your turn to be a prisoner.
His innocent wife was also dragged away with him.
These gentlemen have been sufficiently humiliated.
The king has come to regard us as enemies.
Shall we ring the alarm bell, mother?
All Guyenne swarms with her enemies.
Now, good luck to you, Master Philip.
You are a Gascon, by your tongue?
You will find me in or near Cognac.
No, Jacques, it would be worse in every way.
These pestilent Huguenots are everywhere.
These Huguenots seem to spring out of the ground.
He has challenged me to fight, and fight he shall.
I have often climbed to its top, when I was a boy.
That is where the fighting will be.
What on earth do you want to skin them for, Philip?
The smoke told you what to expect, he said.
Halt and declare yourselves, or we fire.
Most of the others were taken prisoners.
There are plenty of young Frenchmen, prince.
The King of France has no children.
Even now, the persecutors may be on our track.
There are Huguenots, and Huguenots.
Not the least in the world, Francois.
Then, monsieur, fighting would not avail you.
I would smear my face with dirt.
As for the rest of us, we are furious.
This is not the time for pleasure.
You are dreaming, Monsieur Fletcher.
Still, if you wish it, we can die here together.
Pay no attention to what is going on around you.
Philip's pent-up rage found a vent.
You have eaten no food the last two days.
The young count is not like you, monsieur.
If not, he must be in hiding somewhere.
They will return and finish me.
Would any gentleman deny this?...
Sufficient for their day was the evil thereof.
They did not even deign a response.
James Chesnut, of South Carolina: ....
General Beauregard is attacked.
Yours respectfully, (Signed) Jefferson Davis.
We scared the enemy worse than we hurt him....
The demand is only adding insult to injury.
Very respectfully yours, Jefferson Davis.
I am, as ever, your friend, Jefferson Davis.
And for what end, sir, is all this aggression?
We will not permit aggressions.
You have made it a political war.
They oppressed opposite religions.
No other words will describe his action.
The act is perfectly justified by me.
Respectfully, your obedient servant, A. G. MAGRATH.
Hayne to the President of the United States_.
_Grievance_, the intolerable, 83.
EPILOGUE APPENDIXES I. THE GERMAN WHITE BOOK II.
That humiliation Russia has not forgotten.
GERMANY: Emperor William II, _succ_.
Servian concessions were all a sham.
Your cordially devoted Nicolas.
I therefore have been forced to mobilize my army.
Kovno has been declared to be in a state of war.
4 [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] PREFACE.
(_Rampuloj kaj Insektoj._) English.
_nenion_), nothing, not anything.
_Li estas mortonta_, he is about to die.
| _Auxskultu!_ | ahw-skool'too!
| _Kiel domagxe!_ | kee'ehl domah'jeh!
| -- _biletejo?_ | -- beeleh-teh'yo?
-- refreshment | -- _bufedo?_ | -- boofeh'doh?
| estas preta?_ | eh'stahss preh'tah?
| gxis...?_ | eh'stahss jeess...?
| _Bonan matenon!_ | bo'nahn ma-teh'nohn!
| _Bonan tagon!_ | bo'nahn tah'gohn!
| _Gxis revido!_ | jeess rehvee'doh!
| _Bonan vesperon!_ | bo'nahn vespehr'ohn!
| _Bonan nokton!_ | bo'nahn nok'tohn!
| ludas!_ | or-keh'stro | | loo-dahss!
| okupos?_ | tee-oh ohkoo'pohss?
| | motohr'veh-tooree- | | gheess'toh?
| _Kiel pluvegas!_ | kee-ehl plooveh'gahss!
| vento!_ | ehstahss la vehntoh!
| posxtoficejo?_ | pohst-offeetseh'yo?
| l'monato estas?_ | mo-nah'toh eh-stahss?
| | prohkrah-stee'tah | | jiss...
(_Mezuroj de Longeco._) English.
metroj_) = 0.099 rood 1 _hektaro_ (10,000 _kv.
Here in Korea, you're known already.
I spent a lot of time spying on them.
He squinted at me, bared his fine teeth.
Give a liar enough rope and he'll trip himself.
If it's like you say it is, there'll be more.
Then in the night my four Koreans deserted.
The four of us might be able to handle her people.
Her clothing was like nothing on this earth.
Her skin was whiter than my own!
I would not, that is why he hurt me.
Why did you come back, whatever-your-name?
Leave these others, and you will live!
Stay with them, you will be slain with them.
What kind of man do you think me?
When I got back to camp, Hank had a girl.
He'd thrown her down, was struggling with her.
Didn't want trouble with her people.
Some girl, wearing this kind of stuff!
I stood up, took out my pipe and filled it.
I turned my face away, shuddering.
Why do your people take my companions?
You did not see, whatever-your-name-is....
This is not your kind of country.
You don't really want me to go, Nokomee.
Go, I cannot protect you from this place.
What is a Zoorph, that makes you so angry?
When men are tired of life, they go to a Zoorph.
But he is wrong, they will never come.
I have a life to live, I want to _live_ it!
Perhaps she could do what she said.
These things had _never_ been men.
That is for the public; that is a lie.
I came purely to get gold and for no other reason.
What is it you find so revolting about us.
That would not happen to any but enemies.
We did not come here to colonize, earthman.
I would save your people as well as myself.
They are our priests and our administrators.
Because I can be useful to her when she attacks us.
With you will go my brother, Genner.
It was torn now and even more revealing.
You are a cruel, and a spineless creature.
I despise you, and yet I want you very much.
Her voice became low and penetrating.
You will be two, yet alone, above the all.
Never mind; get back where you came from.
We will see that you do not, sweet Carna.
It must be hereditary, such power!
You must not be seen making the injection.
I can send more ships manned with my men, later.
Keep going, and conceal yourselves in the bush.
I will guide the search away from you.
The Jivros know our location now.
Now, she's gone, I don't even know the dosage.
Their power is ending this night!
I raised my head and kept on firing.
They are fighting only for life!
Carna will have to perish with it.
I dropped to the roof surface with agony.
I stumbled over the reeking heap of slain.
and then his head dropped lifeless.
This is madness, woman, we must get out of here.
I tugged out the .45 at my belt, leveled it, fired.
I fell forward into blackness....
You are ridiculous, old insect!
They expected to conquer earth, Carna.
This is the beginning of their end!
That is why the Zoorphs are hated, earthman.
We are polygamous, and not apt to be jealous.
There are only baby whitebaits.
Stephanie was caught too and became a sardine.
It ain't no good denyin it, cos I took the number.
Wot country d'yer think yer in?
No one can't close my mouth with alf-crowns.
THIS BACON TASTES SIMPLY BEASTLY.
THIS SITUATION APPEALS TO MY HEREDITARY INSTINCTS.
Clancy._ BEDAD, AN FOR WHY, MICHAEL?
That's absurd, after a big war.
JORROCKS IN PARIS X. SPORTING IN FRANCE XI.
Tis Tom chastising the gourmands.
Where the h--ll are you going to, sir?
But come--jump up--where's your nag?
Binjimin, you blackguard, where are you?
and bad luck to ye, ye boiled lobster!
mind where you're going, you great haw-buck!
Ave you got ever a rope in your pocket?
Oh, says Tom, laughing, he's a fox!
hailing a lad, Catch my oss, boouy!
I know where he is, and I think I can floor him.
Why, what the deuce is this you are in?
Do you shave by that ere glazed castor of yours?
The sight of a saddle makes me sweat.
Non, non, I say vot ears he has?
Non, non, stamping, I say vot ears (years) he has?
Oh, hang it, I twig--four years old.
Non, non, said he stamping, I vill my wet.
I vill my wet, repeated the Baron with vehemence.
adding I vill von wet-tin-nin-na-ary surgeon.
No, you won't, from Bland, not liking his customer.
That's the way I do business, sir.
What gummy legs that girl in green has!
Miss Trotter's bustle's on crooked!
Thank you, sir, but I've some pork coming.
What is the French for fox-'unter?
What the deuce are they doing in France?
why, you infidel, have you no conscience?
it can't be--and yet it is--by Jove, it's Jorrocks!
Is there no piece of tomfoolery too great for you?
bellowed Agamemnon from the next one; Police!
Yes, breeches--but the oder name--vot you call dem?
responded the Countess with delight, satan!
je vous lick within an inch of your life!
And now wot do you call this chap?
et ja.| |Young-Tandem|Bai-cerise-4 |M.
Speak English, you fool, bawled Mr. Jorrocks.
I'll run you through the gizzard!
You don't owe me anything I dare say!
The Countess Benwolio certainlie is a bad un.
Oh, the deuce!--did that old devil catch you?
added he, putting a lighted cigar in his mouth.
Most proud to see you at my humble crib.
None o your nasty gossamers, or dog-hair ones.
Mr. Crane, you're eating nothing.
The deuce be with Mr. Farrell's young man!
Here's a health to them that can ride!
Stubbs, vy don't you fill up?--Mr.
Elandslaagte......................................
The Fellow that felt Afraid.......................
Tired............................................
what mangled butchery in their track!
The nurse pressed him back gently, and he died.
Buy me 5000 sugar at 92 (twenty seconds gone).
You, too, look tired, my master of millions.
Long-suffering, patient Londoner!
out of thine own mouth will I judge thee.
CHAPTER I. HEAVEN MUST BE RUN FOR.
SO RUN, THAT YE MAY OBTAIN.--1 Corinthians ix.
I shut, and no man can open, saith Christ.
DIRECTIONS FOR THIS HEAVENLY COURSE.
The Lord put thee into it, and keep thee in it!
If I win, I win all; and if I lose, I lose all!
Let me alone for I will not hear.
MOTIVES TO PURSUE THIS HEAVENLY COURSE.
Thither, went scrubbed beggarly Lazarus, &c.
Gentlemen, this is completely convincing to me.
Right now, I'm going off to dreamland.
And you don't want any back talk from me!
I wish you wouldn't be so logical.
Your linguistically talented flatfeet.
Just sit there and look important.
MENDANA AND SARMIENTO DISCOVER THE SOLOMONS.
QUEIROZ AND TORRES LEAVE TAUMACO FOR THE SOUTH.
But the Irish are indeed a strange people.
My position did not improve his looks.
Few nations are more courteous than the French.
Two policemen remain by its side day and night.
And as is the town, so are the inhabitants.
They are also remarkable for their laziness.
RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF SUBJECTS Article 18.
SUPPLEMENTARY RULES Article 73.
Were you born over here, lieutenant?
It will be great fun to outwit the Spaniards.
And now, goodbye; may fortune attend you!
I don't mind giving it to you for your load.
I will have you over in no time.
here come the enemy, just too late.
Men snoring, Paolo whispered in his ear.
That is right, but wait until I call an officer.
There he lies under his cloak, general.
No, sir, I am not such a fool as that.
Now we will keep you no longer from your couch.
He is the most insensible of men.
And are you going to leave the army, monsieur?
They will be countrymen, but no longer comrades.
Now the sooner you get down there the better.
He is a married man with a helpful little wife.
Now, sir, we will keep you here no longer.
And could you do nothing for them, monsieur?
Fire a volley, and then fix bayonets!
Hector replied, even more loudly.
I speak loud because I have right on my side.
Now I don't like that, Colonel Campbell.
France is no longer a place for you.
Their people spoil them--their men especially.
It is his soul which so fascinates women.
That undersized sphynx of a Villefort?
She will die if there is not a change.
Is it true that you are so weak as all that?
Does it not move you to indignation?
I might say haggard, if it was polite.
You are as colorless as marble.
I must tell you, or I shall die.
I am not the bad woman you think me.
I did not die, as I had intended.
He said he would, or loose his life.
I delivered it to him, and he brought me to prison.
Jack and Shadrach, Nathaniel Simmons, Acquitted.
We all know that you're old Rathburn's favorite.
Tell your mother she needn't wait for me.
Do you think with your mother, Frank?
I believe you have never learned to milk.
It's that conceited jackanapes of his--Frank Frost.
Dunno what'll become of poor Pomp when I'se gone.
Pears like me and Pomp must starve.
What did you do that for, Pomp?
I ain't got noffin for you, said Pomp defiantly.
For the lub of Heaven, lef me be.
If you say much more, I'll flog you too!
I care more about whipping you, a cursed sight!
Brutality isn't respectable here, my lad.
It seems to me he's been making a catspaw of you.
It isn't good for boys like you and me.
I won't mention that I have seen you.
Then you ain't going to stop there?
He was destined to receive a summary castigation.
She didn't feel quite right inside.
I touched him up a little, he said.
You ain't robbin yourself, be you?
I wonder ef his mother was a Bent.
You look just like you used to do, dat's a fac.
I'se a free woman now, and so's my little Pomp.
Pomp is your little boy, I suppose, Chloe.
What are you trying to do, you monster?
don't you know your own husband--your Tommy?
It isn't my fault that I am so big.
You're the largest man living in the world.
I don't think you know your lesson, Pomp.
What are you doing there, Pomp?
Spec she must have tied herself.
Come, Pomp, you know better than that.
Get up immediately and unfasten her.
And what did you do to her, Pomp?
I don't think you always tell the truth, Pomp.
Spec I've got a little debble inside of me.
What makes you tell so many lies?
Doesn't your mother tell you not to lie?
So I do, cept when she licks me.
If you behave properly she won't whip you.
The day of deliverance will come.
There's some wild crittur down there.
So it's you, you little varmint, that's done this.
You can't get out, missus; yah, yah!
Oh, you imp. See ef I don't have you put in jail.
She'll whip me, he said, shaking his head.
Fust my bunnit, an then my specs.
I'm the most unfort'nit crittur.
Ef you was my child, I'd beat you black and blue.
I'll give em to the soldiers, I vum.
I never see such a bad set of boys as is growin up.
Now, boys, said Mr. Morton, when I say attention!
My next order will be, Faces to the front!
I've walked a mile on puppus to see her.
Otherwise I think he would have died.
Retribution has been slow, but it has come at last.
Don't use such low words, John.
Your true friend, HENRY MORTON.
What do you mean by your impertinence, sir?
Your plan is a very clumsy one.
Why couldn't you learn as well as Pomp?
UNIVERSITIES: GLASGOW; CAMBRIDGE.
The English do not mix at all with the Portuguese.
It was beautiful too, as well as pathetic.
May God bless you, dearest Mother.
I received her last breath upon my lips.
Your affectionate Papa, JOHN STERLING.
PAYING CALLS 32 V. PRECEDENCY 44 VI.
Would you like to be introduced to Miss A----?
Table of General Precedency GENTLEMEN The King.
Sleeves to elbow, either thick or transparent.
Of the Italians he had no opinion.
By my soul, you shall taste it.
But it was like talking to a nunnery door.
Do not mistake me, Mr. Townshend.
It is a heartless trick, Mr. Townshend.
Then she turned to me fiercely.
I blame his enemies and his miserable destiny.
I went back in a hurry to the Americans.
Mr. Cargill, do you realise what you are saying?
You are forgetting the principles of a lifetime.
Cargill has been incredibly and infamously silly.
Your friends know that it is a gross libel.
We must get rid of this ridiculous Radical tail.
I tell you it is rank nonsense.
Poseidon had grown cranky, and had claimed victims.
Very especially he hated the men of Athens.
Let the nemesis of Zeus devour them!
The Persian is stealing a march on us.
There was only one way for a man.
I stay with you, men of Lacedaemon.
It appears they breed men in the islands, he said.
Hail and farewell, God of my own folk!
I am faint, O Mother, Faint and aweary.
You can't be doing that every minute.
Confound Leithen and his yarns!
Thank God, you and I are prosaic fellows...
For, of course, he had gone out that day to die.
God help Sandy Jamieson's lambs, if there is.
Redswirehead, he says, like a man in a dream.
Nae man ever fordit it, I said.
I don't want any stuccoed, over-grown Dutch farm.
Here I build my tabernacle, old man.
Mr. Lawson mostly has his in bed.
Doctors are no earthly use to me.
I tell you your presence here makes me worse.
But get away now; get away, I tell you.
Tell him I'm gone if he asks you.
I will make that plain to your master.
I'll be off to collect the lads.
We'd better blast that stane thing now.
The power of a sterner will constrained me.
Get the coo back or lose the son I bore ye.
We can redd our ain frays, lads.
Here's a man that has na spared himsel', he said.
A more curiously incompetent person I never met.
For the day of reckoning is at hand.
For three days I had a baddish time.
What for were ye making siccan a din, then?
Gang your ways for I am near the end o mine.
What we did to them was a shame!
In the center the Americans were winning.
I can lick the fellow that calls me one.
Thank God you're neither one nor the other.
Important misinformation, growled Bart.
My fingers itch every time I see him.
You know what the boches are doing now.
That's one on you fellows, he snorted.
It's like an endless swarm of ants.
I tell you, boys, Germany's desperate.
That is not a safe word to say to me.
The officer's face became apoplectic.
We have ways to break such spirits as yours.
It doesn't matter what happens to him.
It will only be one less Yankee pig for us to feed.
Darkness was now his best friend.
Are these all the men you have?
These are English soldiers, Monsieur?
They threw him on the floor in a room upstairs.
For they are going to hang him.
Or, worst of all, what had the enemy done to him?
Take him back to my quarters, he finally answered.
He acts as if the Allies were a lot of children.
They can't stand before our bayonets.
And we'll end it in the streets of Berlin!
They're coming like a swarm of locusts.
And there's millions more where they came from.
Don't kid yourself, replied Frank grimly.
The Americans were standing like a rock.
And Heinie was going to walk all over us, was he?
I suppose our commanders know what they're doing.
There wasn't one of his troopers left alive.
Boys, we didn't guess wrong that day.
The girl says that Tom was bound with ropes.
The bridge now was black with Germans.
But be careful, for the Germans are all around us.
You're the most contemptible thing that breathes.
Where do you expect to get them, on your head?
I'm ashamed now to look a fish in the face.
I wouldn't have done a thing to him!
He doesn't want any of your game.
Of course we're going to lick them.
Tom, old man, you've missed some lovely fighting.
I wish He was your grandpa too!
My dear friend, clear your mind of cant....
THE PRECISIAN AT WAR WITH THE WORLD IV.
Oh, I forgot you two were silly old Socialists.
They were like that; conceited and contrary.
Their tastes, habits, outlook, and mental diseases.
for letting other people alone....
Facts are too difficult, too complicated for him.
She knew she was badly, incredibly left.
Why don't you join up as a combatant?
Only they were getting common; they were too easy.
They have the unthinking rightness of the fool.
He's not a bad young thing, do you think.
He's forgetting because I don't get a chance....
She cares for nothing but herself....
Peggy says men don't like them, but they do.
They don't bother, but they get what they want....
I hate red-flaggery, and all other flaggery.
I can hear dear old Peter Clancy on why he died.
Why go groping for far-fetched reason?
She's been and gone and done it.
Jane is imperilling her immortal soul.
You might as well try and stop a young tank.
Feminine and all that, you know.
But I don't want to discuss Bolshevism here.
I wash my hands of the lot of you.
She doesn't know what it's like to be a Jew.
The children of Israel are his speciality.
Your mother told me where you'd gone.
But it would be a little too indecent.
I felt hard and rather sore that evening.
You'd better spit it out, Jukie.
You mayn't know it, but you are.
Go to bed yourself, you need rest.
I took her in my arms and gave her a long kiss.
You can put that in the papers, daddy.
My pet, of course you can't, and you shan't.
My dearest child, you must wait for me.
So that dreadful Jew must have gone.
Rotten bad luck, poor old chap.
Laid like a stone, she did, as white as milk.
Don't bolt and bar the Door....
Naturally, I replied very coolly.
You'll say it's not my business.
First, I must save my child from this awful man.
Besides, he might only laugh at me.
He is talking to a tall dark man.
The dark man strikes the fair man....
The dark man is left standing alone....
Nasty stairs; very nasty stairs.
And she was knocked over by his beauty.
You want me to mix a poison for Lady P?
she asked me casually, lighting another cigarette.
They aren't part of her equipment.
It's this beastly baby, I suppose....
I got sick of it during the war.
She said, Of course They hate us.
Oh, it's all pretty sickening, isn't it?
It has never damaged any one but myself.
It must have been pretty bad for her.
No, because they are already that.
Oh, dear, oh, dear, and you know the rest....
No one need ever know but your parents and myself.
You've got to tell the truth....
I'm not going to repeat the things I said.
But it will still be there--the awful thing I did.
And, after all, a foolish one to ask.
I saw that she was all tense and strung up.
Poor mother doesn't know what to make of it.
If he is guilty, it is due to the public.
You don't know what you are saying.
_Did_ you knock Oliver down that night?
Yes, he said, still staring at her.
Didn't you fight shy of me, then?
She resumed, And Jewish babies!
She'd have suited him much better.
Gideon and his sort haven't got the goods.
He doesn't like mother, and she doesn't like him.
Jewish babies; he was thinking of them too.
You wouldn't like that, you know....
I haven't a message, like mother.
No. There's no such thing as a truce with them.
I don't like them round, either.
You only want intelligence and exact knowledge.
You're going crazy on that subject.
Oh, Arthur, it is rot, your chucking it.
Why do girls like washing babies?
Dreadful fellows; quite dreadful.
You're giving up the fight, then.
This thing's too strong for me to fight.
Things do matter, said the Russian Jew.
So given over to muddle and lies.
Won't the Reds get you, or the Whites?
Only one can't, to kids; they're too important.
You'll come back worse than ever, my dear....
Clever, cringing, nerve-ridden people, he said.
That's Russian, not Jewish specially.
then found by Bolshevists and disposed of ...
And gypsies are also found there, are they not?
You even still travel through the wreck!
You would make your fortune with her!
The Saviour was severe, severe as He must be!
Not ONE innocent soul have I poisoned!
in my hands it makes a fool of me.
Lay down the clothes, and retire!
And no friend, not a single one!
You are the sister of little Jonas!
She is beautiful, very beautiful!
You shall sleep in the black chamber!
No, the deuce remain a night with you!
Only a weak attempt to imitate my sister!
whispered Otto: they all look like crazy people.
It is truly hard to be born such a being!
Yes, you have always been a little foolish!
said Wilhelm; I am an academical burgher!
Only do not let Nature play her freaks with you!
That is their joy, their happiness!
Let him sleep the eternal rest!
Strengthen yourself now with meat and drink!
for no doubt she must be from a town!
Do you not believe in the power of the devil?
You will not make me suffer for it!
After all, she really knows nothing!
This Heinrich is my evil angel!
I will hence--here will my life-germ be stifled!
Yes, you young men talk according to your wisdom!
You might wish yourself such a chest!
You are going to Roeskelde, are you not?
[Note: We are the lords of the kingdom of mind!
We are the stem which can never decay!
He sees you in the club sometimes.
There you were playing the martyr!
You make the poor girl miserable!
The more development of mind, the more ancestors!
There are many things for which you have a bad ear!
That is like the people abroad!
Your old friends interest you no longer!
You have better places to go to!
I sink, and shall never return!
That is the most foolish thing a person can do!
But we allow too many people to travel!
You quite forget your true friends!
There, our Saviour looks down upon us!
We shall immediately put you under arrest.
Will you not take the Kammerjunker's sister?
This violent love cannot be evaporated.
You may make yourself easy, if you are jealous!
Only two months longer shall I remain in Denmark!
His physical amiability melts into the spiritual.
He loves Eva, and that is very unfortunate.
Bring haeusliche Huelfe Incubus!
Thy evil conscience has condemned thee.
Confess, or it will go worse with thee!
Release me from this anxiety which overpowers me!
Yet, the good gentleman must not get angry!
They dislike her, every one of them.
She was the repelled one, the rejected one!
I shall destroy myself if you betray me!
We will thank God that we are well rid of her!
she will come to an unfortunate end!
Not one of her features resembles yours.
I am more unfortunate than you can believe.
Denmark's wisest and dearest king!
I will find out my real sister!
I will have proof in hand of the truth!
I have been made Heinrich's plaything--his tool!
Now he ridicules me, and I am compelled to bear it!
now I say, To-day, and all day long!
My eternal Saviour knows that I have never stolen!
My mother was so too--my poor mother!
and where did you, poor children, remain?
and Otto will no longer suffer and be unhappy!
He is an odd person, as you very well know!
PACTIONIBUS TURBATIS PRAELIUM GALLIS NUNCIAT.
JUNONI REGINAE TEMPLUM IN AVENTINO DEDICAT.
URBEM FLORENTIAM TRIUMPHANS INGREDITUR, ANNO 1362.
FAMILIAE FARNESIAE CONSERVATORI.
THE Kings Declaration DEFENDED.
But this is too ridiculous to require an Answer.
BOYS, University of Michigan E.N.
Meanwhile this London is my place.
Let the British Army go, I said.
And when that's done I'll get you some more.
But I don't care if it breaks me, I'll resist it.
I don't mean in the BORGIA way.
You'll say, may'ap, a badger boar As done it?
Your complete set of cues, Sir.
My sabby Englishee allo same you.
_Student._ That ting no b'long leason!
You b'long clevah inside--understand?
My sabby heap foleign debble....
You sabby plenty girl-chilo here?
_Noisette._ That b'long _my_ pidgin!
_Nut._ You b'long quite top-side....
YOU SEEM A LITTLE ANXIOUS, MADAM.
Look, you can see the signature.
I don't know much about these Dutchmen.
But then he's rather bald and uninteresting.
Or take the case of studs, he went on.
A friendly native with his family.
Laughable interview of Dawkins with a tribe.
Natives at the camp during my absence.
Friendly disposition of a native.
Treacherous conduct of the aborigines.
Natives approach the camp during the night.
A SNAKE, AS COOKED ON THE FIRE BY THE NATIVES.
NUNDEWAR RANGE FROM THE WEST, 3RD JANUARY.
PLATE 9: Cernua bidyana, OR BIDYAN RUFFE.
PLAN OF ENCAMPMENT IN THE INTERIOR.
YOUNG WEEPING EUCALYPTUS, FROM NATURE.
Henry Dawkins, Servant to Mr. White.
IMPEDED BY A LOFTY RANGE OF MOUNTAINS.
PREPARE TO LAUNCH THE BOATS ON THE NAMOI.
EMBARK ON THE NAMOI IN CANVAS BOATS.
Meaning: Why are you afraid of a good white man?
A FRIENDLY NATIVE WITH HIS FAMILY.
THE PARTY IMPEDED BY THE SOFT STATE OF THE SURFACE.
MUCH FREQUENTED BY THE NATIVES.
SEND BACK FOR THE PARTY ON THE GWYDIR.
VIEW FROM ONE TREE FASTENED TO ANOTHER.
WHITE ARRIVES WITH THE PARTY AND LOST MAN.
NATIVES AT THE CAMP DURING MY ABSENCE.
AND SEIZURE OF HIS STORES BY THE NATIVES.
DESTROY THE BOAT AND RETIRE FROM THE KARAULA.
NUMEROUS TRIBES SURROUND THE PARTY.
FUNERAL DIRGE BY A NATIVE FEMALE.
COURAGE AND HUMANITY OF ONE OF THE MEN.
CIVILITY OF THE TRIBE FIRST MET.
COLUMN 6: THERMOMETER (IN THE SHADE), SUNRISE.
COLUMN 7: THERMOMETER (IN THE SHADE), NOON.
COLUMN 9: THERMOMETER (IN THE SHADE), SUNSET.
SUPPOSED COURSE OF THE DARLING.
PARCHED STATE OF THE INTERIOR COUNTRY.
LUXURY OF POSSESSING WATER AFTER LONG PRIVATION.
LIFELESS APPEARANCE OF THE VALLEYS.
ADVANTAGE OF ABORIGINAL NAMES ON MAPS.
EFFECTS OF A HURRICANE IN THE FOREST.
MY SEARCH SOUTH-SOUTH-WEST 40 MILES.
WOUNDED NATIVE LED TO OUR CAMP.
THE PARTY FOLLOWED BY A CLAMOROUS TRIBE.
FRIENDLY DISPOSITION OF A NATIVE.
See below.) PRESENT THEM WITH TOMAHAWKS.
June 5. Gyrostemon.) ASCEND D'URBAN'S GROUP.
SURPRISED BY A PARTY OF NATIVES.
VISIT A HILL BEYOND THE DARLING.
SECOND INTERVIEW WITH THE SPITTING TRIBE.
AMUSING ATTEMPTS TO STEAL, OR DIAMOND CUT DIAMOND.
UNIFORM CHARACTER OF THE DARLING.
Their women were rather good-looking.
A RANGE DISCOVERED BY REFRACTION.
TREACHEROUS CONDUCT OF THE ABORIGINES.
HALT AND ENDEAVOUR TO LIGHTEN THE CARTS.
NATIVE CONVERSATIONS AT A DISTANCE.
THREE FEMALES FOLLOW THE PARTY.
ILLNESS OF SOME OF THE MEN FROM SCURVY.
BARTER WITH NATIVES BEYOND THE DARLING.
NEW SPECIES OF CAPER EATEN BY THE NATIVES.
See below.) IMPORTUNITY OF THE RED TRIBE.
ABSENCE OF KANGAROOS AND EMUS ON THE DARLING.
GENERAL CHARACTER OF THE NATIVES.
Ogilby.) SECURITY OF A SPECIES OF ANTS.
VISITED BY THE FORT BOURKE TRIBE.
NATIVES APPROACH THE CAMP DURING THE NIGHT.
THE KANGAROOS AND EMUS DRIVEN AWAY BY THE NATIVES.
EXTREME ILLNESS OF ONE OF THE PARTY.
ANOTHER MAN OF THE PARTY TAKEN ILL.
SUCCESSFUL CHASE OF FOUR KANGAROOS.
TANDOGO CREEK AND MAGNIFICENT PINE FOREST.
NATIVE INHABITANTS ON ITS BANKS.
Happy that he lived not to be hanged.
See the blessed effects of triumphant libertinism!
7, BETWEEN ELEVEN AND TWELVE AT NIGHT.
*** Tourville tells us what a way you are in.
The contents are enough to make one mad.
I am your second papa, you know.
Leave then the poor wretch to the divine justice.
And now I presume to say, I AM HAPPY.
I will prove this to the teeth of them all.
Are not all the girls forewarned?
I live a cursed dull poking life here.
My wrist and my fingers and thumb ache d----n----y.
Adieu, Jack, I am preparing to be with you.
What a devil is the matter with me, I wonder!
Yet already feel the torments of the d----d!
Do the surgeons actually give her over?
what lives do most of us rakes and libertines lead!
MONDAY MORNING, BETWEEN EIGHT AND NINE.
Her desire will be easily granted her.
Your golden dream cannot long last.
He shall be chaced [sic] out of the world.
His meat is the gall of asps within him.
The worm shall feed sweetly on him.
Heavy, d--n--y heavy and sick at soul, by Jupiter!
*** I will soon quit this kingdom.
Once more I wish you were gone.
Out upon me, for an impolitical wretch!
But I hate a hypocrite from my soul.
To try my cousin, say you, Sir!
She surveyed him, I am told, from head to foot.
But what a letter is that of the infernal man's!
Insolent creepers, or encroachers all of you!
prays Your very humble servant, M. LETTER LII MR.
I never saw him more gay, lively, and handsome.
Mean time, I am, my Lord, Your Lordship's, &c.
He was exceeding gay all the way.
And so God protect you, Mr. Belford!
Vile, barbarous, plotting, destructive man!
I can't bear to be threatened, Jack.
[ENCLOSED IN THE ABOVE.] MUNICH, NOV.
This was my reply: VIENNA, | NOV.
And yet I go into gay and splendid company.
CONCLUSION SUPPOSED TO BE WRITTEN BY MR.
The AEnead is filled with innocent unhappy persons.
The Uncivilizable Nation Retreat in the Rain.
STATEMENTS ON THE WAR IN EUROPE.
War is an international nuisance.
He is not a man of culture, nor of reading.
At Shavli we took 500 prisoners.
The allied troops there are attacking.
North of Przasnysz another 150 prisoners were made.
Forward, fair France's children!
And yet the French are called a frivolous people!
The Turkish casualties were heavy.
The Turkish offensive has sensibly weakened.
GREECE AFTER ITALY'S INTERVENTION.
OPPOSING GREECE, SERBIA, AND RUSSIA.
Last night the joy lasted a long while.
There it lay, there it slept like a rat.
The wireless operators said: Thank God!
That lay swarming full of Englishmen.
Now the Arabs began to help us.
In the night, Lieutenant Schmidt died.
Violence has no reserves but further violence.
Let us abolish the noncombatant and the neutral.
There are no terms and no retreat in this war.
People said: They _are_ Germany!
It is Germany's terrible and sinister function.
I'll stand and fight; they have me sure as day!
Great God, they're coming fast-- Are almost on me!
War must be ruthless, must be frightful.
And even then she is not logical.
An officer and gentleman may not lie.
We used to slaughter the entire population.
War finishes nothing, it only interrupts.
You are ready to die for your faith.
We agreed it was our job to knock one another out.
Nothing, he said, was more incorrect.
Your hand is trembling, your lips are pale!
Ere Bill, listen to wot this ere cry-baby says.
There were wounded officers present.
Every time he utters it he is helping the enemy.
Then, in a fierce roar of denial, No!
America is fighting for America.
You're fighting for yourselves, they said.
They were getting beyond her control.
The slaughter is still a nice little war.
With the French it is a martyrdom.
But with the Americans it is a job.
She was attacked; she had no option.
And lastly, What infernal impertinence!
War is a business, the Germans have said.
I turned to my American soldier.
Girls are very much in evidence.
The only boys were of the mal-nourished variety.
The Americans see to the children.
Lazaruses--that's what they are!
And the boy--he wanted to be a poilu.
From here life is banished utterly.
The wounds of France are educating them.
That is exactly what they are doing.
The Matron is Swedish and Belgian.
She is finished; I ave no Mama.
Paul, old man, you'd better go in for this!
Is this your invention, young men?
Here, read it, you fellows, he said.
Dad was good and mad when he read this last night.
I believe that chap is trying to shadow me.
This is rather hard on us, isn't it, boys?
Here, boys, come over here a minute!
Oh, that's too bad, now, ain't it?
What made your crew so slow, Deveaux?
Him both flylers alla samee you.
Just lookee over alla samee you do li'l bit ago.
What's the matter with you, Buddy?
She acts groggy; don't you notice it?
You give four milreis, me give monk.
You give two milreis, take monk.
These blacks never have seen one.
That's right; they're a bunch of snakes!
Hang right there where you are, Paul!
That doesn't worry them in the least!
Do these blackfellows live in huts?
The blackfellow has no permanent dwelling.
I guess we deserved this punishment.
My heartiest congratulations, boys!
Gumming, Juvenile Probation Officer, | Timaru.
SECTION 1.--A MENACE TO MODERN CIVILIZATION.
A 41/2 18-19 Very superior intelligence.
B 9 16-17 Superior intelligence.
D-- 10 10 Very inferior intelligence.
There were 282 intemperate and 277 harlots.
| |Feeble-minded and | |badly nourished.
This was a most objectionable case.
| 2 | | | | | | | | | |Over 17 | ..
| | | | | | | | | | | 3 | 1 | ..
| | | | | | | | | | | 113 | 135 | 3 | 2 | ..
| | | | | | | | | | | 1,447 | 1,531 | 102 | 66 | ..
| |-------+-------+--------+--------+ | Boys.
| +-------+-------+--------+--------+ | ..
| 7,923 | 7,334 | | | | | | | ..
| 10,852 | 10,430 | | | | | | | ..
| 12,459 | 11,480 | | | | | | | ..
| 12,511 | 11,617 | | | | | | | ..
| 12,404 | 11,603 | | | | | | | ..
| 12,229 | 11,363 | | | | | | | ..
The juvenile delinquent is also carefully studied.
Carnal Knowledge and Attempted Carnal Knowledge.
CARNAL KNOWLEDGE AND ATTEMPTED CARNAL KNOWLEDGE.
Offender has two brothers, both criminals.
COLUMBA'S GREETING TO IRELAND ST.
THE DEVIL'S TRIBUTE TO MOLING THE HYMN OF ST.
PERSONAL AND VARIOUS LET THERE BE JOY!
Alenn's worship of auguries Now is as naught!
For a blessing, the Devil replied.
GUARE My glorious Kingship, yea!
But slay me, even me, And let my boy be.
Ye are guilty of the Great Offence!
Children thus remember My poor and Me!
Wind, boys, and a spanker Racing due south!
Wind boys and a spanker, Racing due south.
Now an outcast to Earth's ends Under misery I go.
then, sweetest Saviour, thrice all hail!
Cannot the clargy be Irishmen too?
from his trembling lips, Dear Mother!
None can ever develop into man.
The population is increasing too fast!
Genuine bimetallists do no such thing.
Of this outrageous fraud we will have no more.
The faces of these men have haunted me ever since.
AN OPEN LETTER TO EASTERN CAPITALISTS.
You can test the truth of these statements.
THE PROVISIONAL GOVERNMENT OF THE CUBANS.
The Cuban government is immature.
RURAL INFLUENCES ON URBAN AFFAIRS.
O cloud, I charge you to right my wrongs!
To approximate Great Britain is to go backwards.
POOR OLD PEGGY; OR, THE DISCOVERY.
This is the kind of world they live in at present.
Gentlemen, I give you The Queen.
THE BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY.
FRIEND OF THE CLERGY CORPORATION.
SOCIETY OF FRIENDS OF FOREIGNERS IN DISTRESS.
INTERNATIONAL EDUCATIONAL EXHIBITION.
THE BRITISH ORPHAN ASYLUM FESTIVAL.
ROYAL MEDICAL BENEVOLENT COLLEGE.
INSTALLATION AS GRAND MASTER OF ENGLISH FREEMASONS.
INFANT ORPHAN ASYLUM, WANSTEAD.
THE INTERNATIONAL MEDICAL CONGRESS.
RAILWAY GUARDS FRIENDLY SOCIETY.
INSTALLATION AS GRAND MASTER OF MARK MASONS.
THE FREEMASONS AND THE QUEEN'S JUBILEE.
CONSECRATION OF TRURO CATHEDRAL.
I will say only one word in conclusion.
PAGE PRELUDE 1 I. FROM THE GRAY TO THE BLUE 11 II.
I'M READY NOW 49 V. FIRST NIGHT ON THE RANGE 61 VI.
PROOF POSITIVE OF GUILT 213 XVII.
But, now take that young chap for a sample.
Dear old Con, he murmurs into her ears.
Now they've no further use for you.
Some of our best men are firing for you now.
She'll go by here kiting, said he.
Every man is out from Silver Shield!
_You_ seem no slouch of a handler yourself.
Any of our fellers in that outfit?
Nolan, as big as life and twice as wicked.
I submit to arrest, Mr. Cullin.
Nolan's story was brief but explicit.
Get back to the mines and the mountains!
Then you've got just as many more to stand by you!
They'll burn em over our heads.
I'll be right out where you can hear me challenge.
Didn't they try to clean you out last night?
I lose; and, losing, am a heavy winner.
Why had they not burned the wagon?
They were still on their reservation.
You're a pair of black-hearted villains!
We're no poor devils of dog-robbers.
Straight through the herd, men.
There's going to be trouble, Con!
SPECIFIC INFLAMMATORY RHEUMATISM.--One oz.
FOR HEARTBURN--LOZENGES.--One oz.
Let dissolve in mouth and swallow.
Fear is only faith inverted and perverted.
Apply frequently with the hands.
He will follow you like a pet dog.
Keep the sick ones and well ones separate.
This Acetic will stick almost anything.
Rub the hands with this every night.
TO PREVENT STORE WINDOWS FROM STEAMING.--J.
A Russian jeer may move a woman.
Get a cheap ham pie by my cooley.
A barrel of pork weighs 200 pounds.
to the inhabitants of Newcastle-on-Tyne.
Monkey is not its name at all, but Moncky.
St. Luke was hanged upon an olive tree in Greece.
St. James the Great was beheaded at Jerusalem.
St. Simon Zealot was crucified in Persia.
St. Paul was beheaded at Rome by the tyrant Nero.
_Fly pleasures, and they'll follow you.
Wee, sleekit, cowrin tim'rous beastie.
Its silly wa's the win's are strewin!
And naething now to big a new ane O foggage green!
the cruel coulter past Out through thy cell.
The present only toucheth thee, But, och!
The war is inevitable--and let it come!
THE SUN DEFENDS THE YALE STUDENTS.
No anarchy there; no, not a bit.
Gold is good money, but as a master it is a tyrant.
* * * * * SCOLOPAX, SABINES, SABINE'S-SNIPE.
I then caught them both, and dissected them.
EVENING IN THE STREETS OF LIMA.
I hate that man, said Andre Certa.
And you are about to double your fortune!
I despise these people as much as I hate them.
Do you see that daughter of Satan?
I am not asleep, Master Samuel!
Senor, I cannot give you a half real more!
CHAPTER V. THE HATRED OF THE INDIANS.
Have there been any but Indians here?
There have been none but Indians.
Martin Paz, I no longer know thee!
Shall you do what this woman requests?
Near him, was standing the Jew Samuel.
You are responsible for her, said Andre, brutally.
exclaimed Andre Certa, in a moment of fury.
Martin Paz did not even look at him.
This said, the Indians disappeared.
Andre Certa was intoxicated with rage.
Liberta and myself will sustain you.
Let each of us have a piece of her flesh!
let each of us have a pain to make her suffer!
wire rope, was set in any convenient place.
| | | | | | Rock | 49 | 107 | 2.18 | 94+35.
These biats were placed every 5 ft.
centers, were laid upon the floor.
SAVOURY DISHES (AND NUT COOKERY) IV.
SOME POPULAR FOOD STUFFS EXPOSED.
NUT AND LENTIL ROAST AND RISSOLES.
VEGETABLE MARROW AND NUT ROAST.
SCARLET RUNNERS AND FRENCH BEANS.
They must be quite stiff when done.
SAUCEPANS.--Cast aluminium are the best.
The other is inconveniently small.
* * * * * WHEN IN DOUBT TRY BOURNEMOUTH.
MANUFACTURED BY THE MANHU FOOD CO., LTD.
It's no good saying anything to girls like these.
It's good; I'm hanged if it isn't!
No wonder it surprises you, sir.
They really can't be called attractive.
The more I reflect, the more indignant I become.
The tone was severe, but not offensive.
Then why the devil did he speak like that?
You like to get at the souls of men.
Then I stood looking him in the eyes.
And I was ready to do whatever he told me.
I like to buy a picture of a poor devil artist.
Come, come, that's your modesty.
My governor treated you abominably.
Here it is; read it for yourself.
And she was not a lady, after all.
And as for Mrs. Grundy, she added, _je m'en fiche_?
I _won't_ be at her beck and call, so there!
In plain English, the man is a blackguard.
But, miss, you forget what family he belongs to.
You ought to have been turned out long ago.
You are a nuisance, and worse than a nuisance.
In the meantime, leave the room, sir!
You would never think, would you?
Now you know everything, and it is much better.
That indeed would be a little too shameless.
No doubt your country medico is a duffer.
All the harder to bear because hitting the truth.
Why, you must be crazy, my girl!
But don't worry, my girl, don't worry.
Where's the account of that sale, you liar?
Look here, clear out, all of you!
Be off, dad, and don't fool any longer.
I refuse to talk with you at all.
Sally, shut the door and go about your business.
I don't come here to be insulted.
You will oblige me by minding your own business.
Your remark is the merest impertinence.
I dare say you understand that, Mr. Starkey?
Your mother won't mind, will she?
You keep your impudence to yourself.
Because for a moment I was insane.
Just the kind of man to be captured.
Perhaps it is my long years of squalid existence.
Why, let the ---- do her worst!
The poor thing has positively nothing.
You'd rather have it so, wouldn't you?
So you keep away from us, do you?
Just so, Mr. Fouracres, just so!
Ah, you'd soon get tired of it, sir.
I don't care what he has known!
Oh, I can't say I _dis_like it.
You look worn out, and no wonder.
CATASTROPHE 69 X. A UNIVERSITY TOWN 80 XI.
BOB TURNS OUT A CONSERVATIVE 124 XV.
Sanitariums are filled with such.
But I'm not so easy as all that!
Oh, nothing--nice little rat, that's all.
Can't conveniently have you until next week.
Of course not, she replied coldly.
She'd be just an old glove kicking around.
Don't bother, I said, I'm safe.
I haven't the patience of a saint!
I was foolish enough to believe him.
Wait a minute, she said, and disappeared.
Won't round up at your place for another week.
Never did that stunt for any queen before.
Come on--the girls are all over there.
You're a wonderful little kiddie, after all.
You drink it, poor child--wonderful child too!
I could hear Breck breathing hard beside me.
You've got to marry me tonight, you little fish!
I'm not going to hang around any longer.
Say, ring off on that--will you?
Insulting to ask a girl to marry you!
I wouldn't elope with the king of England!
There's a limit to a man's endurance.
Come, come, you can't do better for yourself.
The mater will never come around.
Your partner's face smiles at you dimly.
You weren't just going, were you?
I noticed your feet didn't reach.
Did he feel them, too, I wonder?
I've always scorned professors.
I smell his roasting chestnuts.
He looked me up and down deliberately.
I'm twentieth century, and an American at that.
It's worse later--unpleasant, distorted.
Don't ask me to do a childish thing like that, Bob.
Big S. And a pinch of stubbornness also.
You ruffle like a protecting mother hen!
she said, and laid the book in the flames.
Ignore them and we wouldn't be much of a people.
That's the way with most women.
Her dinner partners were always willing.
Of course I'm anti, she maintained proudly.
We're to give an anti-ball here in Hilton.
Her outside things were still on.
Don't argue, she burst out at me.
Please don't urge me, she begged, and I left her.
Oh, Lucy, what an unnatural girl I am!
Bob ought to give you chance to grow up.
It had been within two inches of his mouth.
And I won't stand it--not a second time.
You're the most ungrateful girl I ever knew, Ruth.
You can't blame any one but yourself.
Good Lord, Ruth, don't be a faddist.
You've brought me up useless and helpless.
I won't stand for such talk as that.
You all think I'm hard and heartless.
But what is she doing down there?
She isn't an inexperienced young girl.
You are not hard, you are not heartless.
Only your armor is made of flint.
You are not changeable and vacillating.
Now between the three of us we'll see her.
Do you want to hear about last night?
I could not go back with self-respect.
I doubt if I would be experienced enough for you.
You are young to fear parasitism, Miss Vars.
She touched it, folded, to her nose.
We might try each other anyway.
I wondered sometimes if she felt any.
What have you to say to that, Miss Enthusiast?
I had no idea you were such a little enthusiast.
You're so swift and quiet with cups.
My private secretary pleases me better every day!
Oh, I'm stopping here, he grinned.
Sit up on my hind legs and beg if you want me to.
I'm sorry, but I don't care enough for you, Breck.
I've rights while you're under this roof.
Ridiculous orders for a working girl in New York!
Girl Wanted, it said, in large black letters.
You are hardly fit to be seen, Miss Vars.
Such occupation is unbecoming to you.
They are coming more often--the attacks.
She would not allow me to touch her.
It was black, so were her eyes.
I had fought, bled and died with Edith once.
Good heavens, do you sell people things, Ruth?
What do you want to copy men for?
Your old lady is out there, she said.
I told her I would go with pleasure.
I put powder on the bruised knee.
You tried freedom and found it lacking.
Her eyes knew exactly where to look.
Your unfortunate husband, MONTESPAN.
serving-men of my lady, stop fighting, will you?
And pray, sergeants, what is your business?
Desires are forbidden, and desires lead to actions.
Married women wear a tail of strings behind.
This lasts a good while if she is shy.
Martial long since observed (Lib.
Nelson finds a 28-day cycle satisfactory.
If jealous males meet, furious battles take place.
In Russia it is precisely the same.
What I had experienced could be called a pleasure.
There were but two instances of copulation dreamt.
In men it is probably extremely rare.
Think of it, luminous flesh; and Oh!
He touches, moves, and handles her at his pleasure.
Of course, when I fell asleep, my control ended.
[302] Venturi, _Degenerazioni Psico-sessuali_, pp.
join me to Thyself, transform Thyself into me!
JOHNNY BECOMES EXPLICIT 143 IX.
BLAIR REGRETS 157 X. FANTASY 173 XI.
You are not satisfied, then, with Italians?
Wait your turn, little one, she scoffed.
Now no more words, my little ones.
And they may have plans for her entertainment.
An infernal shame--that's what I call it!
Are---- Barry, stop bombarding the child!
And then he was gone, so gay and brown and smiling.
Just because she has blue eyes!
Decidedly, America brimmed with young men!
Only an old guardian to boss him.
In his own words, he lapped her up.
In my country one does not ride with young men.
It is because Mamma is American.
The Signor Bob Martin does not think so!
And do you think that you are----?
Why, you have me tied hand and foot.
You know why girls hide their ears, don't you?
. . . I could eat you up, Ri-Ri.
Don't be such a little frost, Ri-Ri.
She felt his lips upon the back of her neck.
They could not be so hideously, so finally wrong.
All right, little girl, I'll be good.
. . . Lordy, I'm a starved man!
Hasn't the fool that built it any food?
The thing could not happen in Italian society.
It is the least you could do, Signor.
You cannot be serious, you cannot!
Judas, where do you think I'm going to stay?
You're absolutely wrong in the head.
It does not matter what you say or what you intend.
But you are not coming within this place.
Bob and his mother are perfectly mad.
Now see if you can drink all of this.
And Francisco, my brother, is just like him.
Very carefully he covered her with blankets.
And so would your own mother, if she were here.
Oh, my gosh, I am stiff as a poker.
I was gone on you from the moment I first saw you.
. . . Still she might give a fellow a decent look.
You, first, Signor, then the others here.
I did not kiss him--never, never, never!
And what will your mother think?
This man ought to know what he was talking about.
And you can tell about your policeman friend, too.
Now you can spend the day in doing what you please.
That feller's too slick for us.
He's proved it many a time before.
Why are you packing your knapsack!
Sure, I ain't had so good a boy since.
Come, ittle snow-sister, kiss me!
But, mamma, her hand is, oh, so very cold!
Pray, what little girl may that be?
Some neighbor's child, I suppose.
But she gave me such a cold kiss!
Nonsense, children, nonsense, nonsense!
She is half frozen, poor little thing!
Then so much the worse for the Great Stone Face!
The sooner I drive him away, the better.
This marble has already been burning three days.
Unshrinkingly I accept the retribution!
Then let me tell you the truth.
Then, indeed, my devil has his claw on you!
You cannot even pray for deliverance!
it is all nonsense, now that I am awake.
Not a scorched syllable shall escape!
May my hand wither when it would write another!
What is so eloquent as their iron tongues!
Better trudge, boy; better trudge!
Do you happen to know such a man, sir?
The conclusion is, that there is no inspired Bible.
But if useless, the animal must have perished.
was by far the grossest and most corrupt.
note: sic] remains one of the greatest.
There was Steingerd, and women with her.
Bersi cut up two, and then Cormac took the third.
One more to my thirty I muster, And, men!
Hereby I give out that I am going back to Iceland.
Fiend take thee and thy gold together!
Let him be every man's nithing if he come not!
Either A or not-A, and there is no middle ground.
Everything is denied, but the denier remains.
The lot of the brute is the same.
Enjoy the moment, till the farce of life is ended!
The less I conceive it, the more I adore.
< sion) | v | |Irritabi- Male b.
this magnificent outlay of men and material!
That fellow, Penny, is no sluggard!
We have seen his career and we know his deeds!
Picture to oneself the person's feelings.
Cheyne | | | | to deserve |(mate), 7 men.
I'm goin away to leave you, oh, oh!
Snake eat em up, or dey starve to def in a swamp.
What piteous existences to be sure!
she looks like a mere child herself.
Then, Israel, be sure you never do it.
Oh yes, missis, he tell we that too.
Believe me, dear E----, Yours always truly, F.A.K.
Will I be going to turn into a useless old man?
The next one did the accosting.
With a name like yours I might have a chance.
In church and waiting on trains, like.
Damask cheeks and dewy sister eyelids.
But probably he's a bank-clerk from Melbourne....
That fellow's a swine, said Mr. Heritage sourly.
I'm an auld wumman and no as stoot as I was.
Ye'd better try doun the street.
I feel almost a convert to your nonsense myself.
Dogson, aren't you glad you came?
You're a fool, said the Poet rudely.
Is that all clear in your head?
I knew it as soon as I seen the man Lean's face.
He's a Namerican, which looks bad.
What did you find, you little devil?
I'm a respectable man--aye been.
But no amount of common sense will change my mind.
They're off their gawrd, he announced.
You are imprisoned in this place by scoundrels.
Here you do not understand what they are.
For months I have been fleeing and hiding.
They receive orders and do not give them.
Ye came here wi nothing but the bag on your back.
Oh, I'm surely not so bad as all that, he groaned.
I think you are worse than a coward.
Then his mind became apathetic.
They're a mighty uncivil lot down there.
And I don't like the innkeeper either.
I dare say Dobson is a rough diamond.
That would explain the foreigners.
Little they kenned the Gorbals Die-Hards!
We're a a wee thing battered, but nothing to hurt.
They're beaten off for the night, anyway?
That's why I said that things had come to a cripus.
And now I'm for a bite and a pipe.
Ye'll no beat the Gorbals Die-Hards.
Yet he might, if sufficiently irritated.
I never did think much of the Irish.
I tell ye, I'll make ye rue the day ye were born.
They fund him sittin on a stone, greetin sore.
John's awa at Dumfries, buyin tups.
I expect you little devils have eyes like cats.
We're in for it, Dogson, old man.
Did she say what he was like in appearance?
Tuts, that's no the way to talk, man.
I've given you a lot of trouble.
Besides, we've fickled the enemy.
It's the Sabbath, the best of days for an ill deed.
It's a daft-like thing anyway....
get loose, or you'll no get a chance later.
Don't lose your mobility, as the sodgers say.
A good story is just what I want this vile mornin.
Bit hairy about the heels, of course.
You'll no get her to stop here.
I don't care a docken about the law.
It would break his heart, poor man.
We riped your pooches lang syne.
You're a very desperate little chap.
A Bolshevik and an awful bad lot.
You're terribly behind the fair.
Away with you, man, and never mind me.
You can sit behind me and hang on to my waist.
He aye said you were an Australian....
Yon Sir Erchibald has poor notions o strawtegy.
Trade will be gettin brisk with him.
You can go to the devil, said Heritage.
Let them bark up another wrong un.
I'm ower wise to argy-bargy wi women.
Ye're makin as much noise as a road-roller.
Now you listen to your instructions.
Cold, cheerless, raw monstrosity!
Pray God your police come soon.
You there, he cried, looking up, you English.
Come on, lads, if ye're no besotted on destruction.
We maun be up and daein oorsels.
I wouldna wonder but the place is on fire.
They're no here yet, but they're comin.
The Gorbals Die-Hards had gone into action.
God be thankit, is't the polis?
Nor did all the Russians perish.
You will not find him in Russia.
I'm a better man for it, Dogson.
I've just the one thing to say to you.
From now on you're _my_ bairns, every one of you.
And everything that comfortable.
What have you been doing to your head?
He's or'narily sitch a cool, unexcitable man.
The Blackfeet are too strong for us.
Manitou thinks it time for me to die.
She'll niver be able to stand it.
His words are hidden from his Indian friend.
here's some one coming after us.
Now, you'll be careful, soft one?
Stan still; I vill strik light, said Softswan.
Big Tim says hims fadder be great at ventions.
Not being particular, he tried it with his tongue.
Experience teaches bears as well as fools.
You tasted my toes this mornin.
Come, come along; have another taste of my toe!
THE SNAKES MAKE A DART AND SECURE THEIR VICTIMS.
Is he not the enemy of my tribe?
Bounding Bull never taught that to _me_.
THE POWERFUL INFLUENCE OF BAD WEAPONS AND OF LOVE.
Does he ever kick his little squaw?
If you go you will surely die, my son.
He is not a squaw--at least, not a skipping one.
Fortunately, her face could not be seen.
She's a heady little lady, if you want to know.
You're the most beautiful woman in all this world!
And a lot I'd care if they did.
All that was needed was a witch on a broomstick.
Your mother's a sensible woman.
Deuce take it, if you feel so badly.
He sprang toward her, filled with Berserker rage.
One grabbed me, but I got away.
But, all the same, you and the girl need checking.
I'll be a bull moose, if you say so.
Never mind, mumsy, Kitty soothed.
Notify the police; it's all we can do.
I want to get out of this blasted country.
Kittibudget, I'm not so strong for dukes as I was.
Kind-hearted, impulsive old dad!
suffer himself to be laughed at behind his back?
Hang it, they weren't so bally bad.
The hulking, shifty-eyed one fared worse.
Jameson looked into a pair of chilling blue eyes.
Lock this fool up till morning, said Haggerty.
Yelled at him, but he could run some.
Picked his pockets, if you want it blunt.
I can arrest you, Mr. Webb, British subject r not.
Don't be afraid of me; I don't eat up men.
All y got t do is t treat me on th level.
Play your game above board; it pays.
You've more mischief in you than a dozen kittens.
If he returns to America he'll be caught.
You'll never forgive me that black eye.
As if the first had not been colossal enough!
Now, then, come down out o that!
Never'll get that out o your head, will you?
Do you intend to remain long in America--incog?
Why was she always looking at him like that?
I eat Englishmen for breakfast; fe-fo-fum style.
I'm beginning to like him, too, mother.
All right; little ol Haggerty can use th money.
You'll have to get a clairyvoint.
Probably this Lord Monckton was a la-de-dah chap.
A crowd in America is unlike any other.
It is full of meanness, rowdyism, petty malice.
If you're not Irish, it's no fault of yours.
I am afraid you are what they call blase.
Kittibudget, what the deuce is all this about?
Kitty, girl, you're as pretty as a primrose.
You are acting very strangely, dad.
He'll have to pay for that kiss.
Every one around here shall do as they please.
To condone an affront like this!
He could not understand these Americans.
You wanted an excuse to run away.
I am enjoying myself immensely.
For my part, I prefer em clinging.
She had notified the town police.
He's too bally soft on his feet to my liking.
Not at all sensitive about them, really.
I have fingers now as sensitive as a blind man's.
Kissed her and hadn't wanted to.
It is in the mother's milk they feed on.
Sapphires r here in New York, somewheres.
He'd taken em out o their settings.
As unblinkin a liar s I ever met.
All right I'll hike up t Bronx an get some duds.
Haggerty, the very devil is the matter.
Of all th gall I ever heard of!
Of all the fool situations, this was the cap!
Imbecility was written all over the face of it.
She picks em out the way I do, right off the bat.
I knew the game was up the moment I saw you.
It's up to Haggerty to find you.
He's going t interest me a hull lot.
Th stuff they put th maharajah t sleep with!
All y got t do is t act as I say.
VERDI: RIGOLETTO, IL TROVATORE, AIDA 238 XIII.
The Austrian soldiers are after me.
The Emperor was the enemy of Poland.
He does not respond to your wishes.
My friend, I challenge you to drink this health.
You are a pretty girl, he said boldly, ogling her.
some more of your trouble-making.
But, uncle, it is true that I am a victim.
There is no escape for you, Thaddeus.
Think not my warning wild, tis thy refound child.
Pizarro (governor of the prison).
what a day is this, My vengeance shall be sated.
This is too hard for thee, gentle boy.
Don Pizarro is frantic with rage.
Am I governing this prison or are you?
Now have done with your whimpering.
Reach me that pickaxe, he directed Fidelio.
As a man, he was entirely detestable.
He was malicious, born so, lived so, and died so.
Nay, she was a woman, said the Devil.
Then the Devil said in an undertone: She is coming!
I am trembling like a little child.
Now thy Marguerite is going to be hanged for it.
Get on, get on, the Devil cried.
Look out for her--she has a knife!
Get in there, Jose, and bring out the girl.
one would think a lunatic asylum loose.
She knifed one of the girls, did she?
Good-night, gentlemen, I'm off!
To your past success and to your future glory!
In a fight, in a fight we both take delight!
Let your uniform go hang, she answers.
Her screams bring the gipsies and smugglers.
This puts Jose in a truly bad way.
I stay where I belong--with my friends.
Well, you are not very good company.
Have at it, and the men fall to fighting.
Here I am, and here I stay, she declares.
So laugh, lads, and quaff, lads!
Woman, get thee gone, I'd rather live alone!
So do we mean _real_ donkeys, they sighed.
O lord, I don't want it---- I fl--oh!
Servant girls and stable boys--bah!
after all, they sound very gay indeed.
Tis our royal will and pleasure-- Hats off!
Oh, I am just like a lamb led to the slaughter.
Now, pray be lenient with them, brother.
Probably overworked by their last master.
Come, we've had enough of this!
Only sing for me--come, let us be gay.
We deserve anything he may say.
Bring them back, or ye shall suffer for it.
Lionel was pinioned and was being dragged off.
No, he declared, I will have none of it!
Aren't you ashamed of yourself!
I want to hear nothing from you.
You are the most ill-behaved children in the world.
What's that you say, you ungrateful child?
Do you know anything more about that awful ogress?
But there, what's grinning so there at me?
And gladly watch above them--sh!
And do you smell that delicious odour?
What are you here for, Santuzza?
Oh, stay with Santuzza--and her conscience!
God himself must have sent you here!
Good-bye, God bless you, mother.
you are all torn and---- Save me, save and hide me!
The soldiers are after us--look!
John replied, looking at Zacharia contemptuously.
He had already wrought untold pain and suffering.
Heaven has delivered thee into my hands!
while answering cries of Down with him!
reply to her, and she shall die, instantly!
This poor creature is demented.
Be thyself, John of Leyden, the innkeeper, my son!
Monostatos, a Moor in the service of Sarastro.
Sarastro, High Priest of the Temple.
Is this the face of your great Queen?
I cannot help thee, poor wretch, Tamino declared.
This must be the fiend himself.
Tamino cried, standing outside the temple.
Very well, it is your time to die!
Oh don't chastise my mother, Pamina cried.
I'll never speak another word, Papageno cried.
They had come to steal the temple.
She can do that almost any time!
Black-sheep dwell in every fold.
The women of the harem could not be seen.
Oh, I don't know--let him be arrested.
Yes, come here, you jesting fool!
We've had enough of your jests.
Then no place shall hide thee from my curse.
Don't curse me, the dwarf exclaimed, turning pale.
Aren't you afraid of being discovered?
She gets them to come; I do the rest.
You'll regret not accepting my services.
I hear that old man's curse yet.
I am hired to bear the burden of their crimes.
You have never told me of my mother.
No matter, child, do not question.
I am feared and hated by my enemies.
The darkness blinds me, and I cannot see you.
See him fishing about in every corner for her?
I am an unfaithful fellow--but you don't mind that!
You mind your own affairs and get away from here.
I'll attend to my business, he snarled.
My own child had gone into the flames.
I come from Biscay, if you must know.
and she was instantly surrounded by the men.
He lifted her up, but she was already dying.
The knife falls--look upon the sight, old fiend.
His peace was destroyed forever.
Can you wish me greater ill than this, Princess?
Amonasro looked at her menacingly.
I will do whatever you desire, he cried recklessly.
I have betrayed my people to thee!
No, thy people are the people of Aida.
At the mention of Aida, Amneris was enraged.
Ye priests of Isis, ye are tigers!
Belongs first to the underworld and then the Gods.
Loge } Fricka } Freia } Goddesses.
Only listen to the languishing imp, they laughed.
Why not swim down and torment him?
We shall take the Goddess Freia.
Swing thyself down and I will follow thee.
My gold shall buy me even the Gods, themselves.
When this is done, she is thine.
Keep the ring, Fafner, Loge called.
Many have tried, but all have failed.
The conduct of these mortals is shameful.
So must the Eternals face extermination.
Obey me!--or thy punishment shall be terrible.
To disobey would be treason to the Gods.
Naught can save thee from thy punishment.
Walhall shall know thee no more.
Now by my head, I will stand no more of thee!
Such a nice, rosy little mouth.
He glared viciously at the little imp of Nibelheim.
The most absurd thing I ever heard, another called.
Master Beckmesser, you have gone too far.
I fear you have forgotten your own rules.
Did ever one hear of such a ridiculous rascal.
Beckmesser cried in a foaming rage.
Now listen to what I have to say, children.
I want you all to know that this maid is innocent.
There went a woman of darkness!
O great King and deluded Princess!
I confront him here and demand his name and land!
You might as well be in the moon.
Maybe they escaped from the Bronx?
I'm going to Egypt, and I'm going NOW!
I just couldn't stand it any longer.
little monk, in God's name forward!
I will rub out his name and put yours in its place.
for acting in concert and on the offensive.
But O, their lives they dearly sell!
The fault, said he, lies on thy head.
Strike, Frenchmen, strike; that's all my mind!
Please God the king may be able to apply a remedy!
His only aim is to crush the emperor.
Woe to thee, O country, that hast a child for king!
D'Argence understands him, and, Hide your face!
himself was inclined to consent.
I return thither no more unless I am dragged.
Very well, sir; then let him be tried and executed.
Rub your cheeks; rub your cheeks.
sir, you are now our king and our master.
I wouldn't admit being on this planet in 76.
Fancy coming to the Academy to be clever!
Every reformation must have its victims.
Oh, you're simply exasperating.
The restraint must be dreadfully irksome to you.
You wouldn't have it hang around and look foolish.
Still you've got the heedless hartebeest.
You are really indecently vain of your appearance.
I always say beauty is only sin deep.
That's what I call being vindictive.
Women and elephants never forget an injury.
Then they will put up new wall-papers and forget.
I look rather nice when I lose my temper.
The Internet has the same effect.
It is a way to confound censorship.
But, you see, I'm so beastly thick-headed.
You're too square for that game.
They know the kind of things I like.
Johnson turned to Applerod with a snarl.
she asked him after he was all through.
blurted Applerod, now the aggrieved one.
You sold us out, lock, stock and barrel!
The governor just handed me one under the belt.
And this isn't the end, retorted Bobby.
Keep your hat on, Applerod, he ordered.
I'd be crazy, declared Applerod.
I'll run you into the penitentiary!
Indeed, I can wait, she whispered.
It remains to be seen if you are too useless.
You couldn't believe all you heard, you know.
That's your steady, ain't it, Bobby?
She's the real girl, he admitted.
This time the bet goes as she lays.
You take a real money drag-down from now on.
Give me a cigarette till I fumigate.
This is the way I figure the dope.
For that I'll have to manhandle you a little.
I've got all I can stand for from this rat.
He's a crook and an all-round sneak.
Moreover, I have bad news for you.
I am what Biff Bates told me I would be--the goat.
It is perfectly shameful, Bobby!
Don't bother with your friends.
After the first night they'll have this town crazy.
I'd be very foolish if I didn't.
If he ever does I'll slap his forehead, said Biff.
He's supposed to stab me with it in this next act.
Le Ricardo make fool over la MeeGeenees.
You can not fool wiz me, Monsieur Burnit.
I make what you call subpoena on zem all.
Agnes, I'm what Biff Bates calls a Hick!
He's a physical wreck and has been for two years.
Stone won't do a thing to _him_!
You will be beset as you never were before.
Say, Jolter, he added, it's bully fun being angry.
You know what this means, don't you?
You're getting to be a regular plebe.
Watch me become worse involved.
And here's the little message I got to give you.
Next time you're to have your head beat off.
You talk like him and act like him.
Why, Bobby, that's fighting fire with gasolene.
This crowd Bobby handled differently.
I declare I have no patience with you!
You're a fine and consistent enemy, he said.
If you don't stay I'll have you subpoenaed.
I'll teach you any time you like.
I'm going to leave this town for good, Burnit!
It's in the hands of a lot of pikers.
Let this be a lesson to you, young man.
Why, I own that undrainable swamp.
If you don't I'll throw you downstairs!
I'd be a fool to say I wouldn't, sir.
I beg pardon for calling you Biff, said he.
No more slang for your Uncle Biff.
Did you ever see her hand, Bobby?
Get her loosened up someway, can't you?
THE D BAR LAZY R BOYS MEET AN ANGEL IX.
DAVE MEETS TWO FRIENDS AND A FOE XVII.
JUAN OTERO IS CONSCRIPTED XLIV.
And on top of all that edjucation he can run too.
You got the sand to cover that?
Or are you plumb scared of my broomtail?
Dave, you're a chuckle-haided rabbit.
Didn't you sabe that come-on stuff?
Both of em are crooked as a dog's hind laig.
But Chiquito never went back on me yet.
It ce'tainly paralyzed him proper.
He got salivated as a mule whacker on a spree.
I know you won't throw off on yore old pal.
I'll kiss my twenty bucks good-bye cheerful.
You're more liable to collect the mazuma.
You make me good and tired, Doble.
They say one's born every minute, Ad.
Dawged if I don't believe it, he sneered.
We might hear you, advised Doble insolently.
His judgment was that his best bet was his fists.
They went down locked together, Dave underneath.
Dave looked down at the man's legs.
Dave he give me my money's worth that last round.
He's been livin soft too long, don't you reckon?
I been ridin on the point all day.
Two of the five are bein ridden.
Dug Doble received their decision sourly.
Em always acted like he was God Almighty.
Duck back into the restaurant, Bob.
You heard what I said to that man?
A b'ilin of men pour outa the place.
Don't pull yore picket-pin, Bob.
Ain't you goin to leave me trail along?
Think she picked you special for this job, do you?
I could a told you he had sand in his craw.
Em Crawford won't sign unless he's a mind to.
Y'betcha he'll talk turkey then, predicted Miller.
the squat puncher wanted to know.
Stick up yore hands--stick em up!
Heavy boots kicked at him where he lay.
Never liked you a lick in the road.
Bob, tie up yore friend's haid with a handkerchief.
They're going to be plumb sorry they got gay.
You got the most nerve I ever did see.
He cackled with splenetic laughter.
His heart was filled with surging hatred.
Yore old dad's not even powder-burnt.
But I got a boy out here that's beat up some.
You turn back and make me a bwidle, Dave, he cried.
If you do, play yore cards close.
We're only wastin our time here.
I'll dock you seven and a half for that.
I hear you've got to be quite a pet of his.
Well, o'course you're only boys.
Don't run on the rope with me, young fellow.
Come down and I'll wallop the tar outa you.
You'll never see that eighteen plunks, Em.
I reckon he was havin some fun joshin you.
He sputtered with the rage that boiled inside him.
If you told him to get em, nough said.
I'm the man you're lookin for, Mr. West.
Worked for the D Bar Lazy R last.
As the night grew older both men were busier.
Dave walked back along the roof to the caboose.
Say, are you comin or ain't you?
The conductor had a reputation as a bully.
That he had failed filled him with rage.
I don't have to put up with you, and I won't!
I says, You're some little kidder, and-- When?
Not none, announced the man from Arizona.
Watch me worry about your old cows.
Yore stubbornness is money in my pocket.
Most of my boys have when they hit town, I notice.
They act like they're sore as a boil at each other.
I breezed up wit a bottle an they kinda cooled off.
Some one steal a hawss from you?
Why can't I just take the hawss?
The law doesn't know it's yours.
After all, a bronc's only a bronc.
Well, I'll be doggoned, that youth commented.
The boys are for you strong, Dave.
Because I'm not going to stay and make you trouble.
Where in Mexico you been, old alkali?
Dawggone, but I'm glad to see you.
He had gone in a boy, wild, turbulent, untamed.
He's grown older, a heap older.
He's hard as nails--and bitter.
He's strong, and he looks at you straight and hard.
His flat, muscular back was rigid.
What was going to take place between these men?
Or he'll go to your room if you'd rather.
I always knew he had sand in his craw.
In a way it's a good thing this happened now.
I'm always glad to have my enemy declare himself.
He's headed for the hills or the border right now.
Or I can use you in the oil business.
Slick promoters are gettin rich.
We're all crazy, but we'd hate to be cured.
We haven't been lucky, like he has.
I don't aim to rile yore feelin's.
I reckon he didn't try awful hard to hit you.
He stayed right with it--tried to ride over her.
And I don't reckon any one would try to do that.
Mither o Moses, phwat was it hit us?
The squat puncher glared at his tormentor.
I'd say you got it comin to you.
He had been struck in the head by a heavy revolver.
You blew up the dam, charged Doble.
If you say we did, you're a liar.
No livin man can laugh at me and get away with it.
Wish you could see yoreself as we see you.
Must be bath night over at you-all's camp, Dug.
Dismal groans punctuated his profanity.
Dawggone my skin, if that don't beat my time!
That boy's sure some stemwinder.
He's crazy mad at all of us, but most at Dave.
It's time Malapi was civilized.
So he must go away, that's all there is to it.
Sand tastes, feels, looks, and smells like oil.
She will or she won't, you never can tell which.
You've earned what we voted you.
Say, you've ce'tainly been goin some.
What you did to both of em was a-plenty.
Don't let him get the drop on you.
Why, no, _I_ ain't, if that's what you mean.
He's crazy if he thinks he can get away with that.
I ain't heard what his story was.
We ain't gonna let anything happen to yore paw.
If it is, you betcha we'll get at the truth.
No, but I cayn't prove I didn't.
No, son, I cayn't tell that either.
Keep three shifts goin till she's under control.
We've got to get all Malapi busy.
When a guy puts up his dukes I'm there.
It's the quiet boys you want to look out for.
You got to know men, in my line of business.
No. You'll be luckier if you tell the truth.
He was a mountain of sagging flesh.
I'll back yore play, his friend said.
We're going to hang you, he said quietly.
I--I done Mr. Sanders a meanness.
None of my funeral, he said, his lips white.
I've a notion he's more scared of you.
Son, you've had a rotten deal handed you.
Don't hate my boy Keith, do you?
You're not parlor-shy, are you?
If you don't come, I'm goin to be good and sore.
I noticed he was near blubberin.
I expect it's Adios, Senor Miller.
That's private property, I reckon.
You'll have to raise scads of mazuma, son.
He tries to walk and talk like you.
Number Three's sure a-hittin her up.
She's no cougher--stays right steady on the job.
Bob did an Indian war dance in hip boots.
Tell it to me, you ornery ol scalawag.
Must have been scared bad, I reckon.
D you ever hear of a man land poor, Bob?
You don't remember me, Mr. West?
You can't change the facts, Mr. West.
Call him that if you've a mind to.
The boy was railroaded through on false evidence.
There's a bad gang down in that country.
Knows what he wants and goes right after it.
I believe you're in love with Dave Sanders, Dad.
I'd just like to shake the foolishness out of him.
He cayn't be gay as Bob Hart all at onct.
You wanta remember you're a li'l lady, he reproved.
Don't you see, I'm a marked man--marked for life.
If I come too near you, don't you see I taint you?
The stain of it's on me and can't be washed away.
You're eaten up with vain pride.
I was hard and bitter and defiant.
Now that's absurd, Dave Sanders.
He binds them hard and fast just the same.
But I wasn't lookin for no trouble.
Wanta see yore picture, I reckon.
Like to see my own picture on the poles.
Did you come here to make trouble, Dug?
I did it while he wasn't lookin.
What's wrong with him now, Dug?
Why, you got to protect yoreself, Dug, ain't you?
You're on the inside of a heap of rotten deals.
So am I. But I admit it and you won't.
With my friend Steelman, jeered Doble.
I'd like to hear some o that laughin.
Spit it out, or I'll tear yore arm off.
bellowed Doble, eyes like live coals.
Better get a gang together to fight it, Bob.
She's jumpin outa the gulch above.
You ride to town and rustle men.
A fellow likes to get things done.
He's got a man's job down there.
I got to rustle dynamite and men.
Says he's no quitter, whatever else he is.
They say Hart's in a heluva bad way.
It runs, senor, like a frightened jackrabbit.
It iss sent by heaven for a punishment.
You fired Bear Canon, charged the cowpuncher.
I've stood for a heap from you.
You'll stay right here, Dillon.
Dave's hard, chill gaze swept over his crew.
They had perished in the tunnel.
No, Keithie, you're too little.
Grow real fast and you'll be a big boy soon.
I gotta go to bed an sleep an sleep an sleep.
Joy, Joy, a man wants to see you!
Over there, Senorita, he waits.
I don't like a hair of yore head.
You're too good a man to go bad.
You've been running with a mighty bad pardner.
Both face and torso were raw with angry burns.
I've got a coupla casualties in my gang.
Lungs all inflamed from swallowin smoke....
You saved all their lives, I judge.
He punched cows for me twenty years ago.
Here's another load o grub, boss.
Juan Otero was one of Dug Doble's men.
Doble was capable of terrible evil.
No. Take as many men as you can get.
Dug ain't crazy even if his actions look like it.
she cried, terror rampant in her white face.
First, he must get rid of the child.
Don't be a fool, he told her irritably.
You're not gonna go, he told her flatly.
Please yorese'f, sweetheart, he jeered.
Doble added to his retort the insult unmentionable.
Yes, Dug sure had it comin to him.
I took notice it was a right busy li'l plaything.
But you got yore nerve all right.
Dave lifted her from the ground.
I was trying to get him closer.
What have you done to yourself?
He's not a bad man at all, really.
I didn't need that to know you.
Be good to her, or I'll skin you alive.
I will soon dispose of this unarmed man.
Are you satiated with the buffoonery?
Does not that action bespeak him criminal?
Help him a little, reverend priest.
or does he squander your substance?
Perhaps, you have a sick child there?
roar the others, and slay the adversaries.
We dust of dust, we curse of curse!
And I, when I say to him, Martin!
what does this nasty strange dog want here?
Now, mother, aren't you really glad you went?
You--you're going to be satisfied, Burt?
Keep stored in a cool place, and cook like sausage.
Address ..................................
Try it--tomorrow THE MALTED CEREALS CO.
He might have a bad influence over you.
Black Mammy would have never known A germ.
tis true, Bacon, a real aristocrat is now.
Fully Guaranteed.=_ =THE NEW IDEAS CO.
This =SEPARATOR= does it =PERFECTLY=.
Jimmy thwallowed hith collection.
Packages Only=_ =DWINELL-WRIGHT CO.
Street.......................................
At least we had that last night out.
Bitter sarcasm tinged his voice.
You didn't see Trippitt die, replied James.
E of Pachuca, UMMZ 99552; 16 km.
The young are colored like the adults.
LITERATURE CITED BOULENGER, G. A. 1894.
DUM['E]RIL, A. M. C., and BIBRON, G. 1854.
Leonard Jasper, you're a shrewd one.
She will have to be boarded, you know.
And their god is ever mocking them.
I can hardly get as much in another situation.
All are not so foolish as they have been.
I'll tell you what, Edward, he added.
and do not for a moment hesitate.
Leave me because I cheat in my business!
You'll repent of this; mark my word for it.
And I am, to use plain words, a thief.
Your mind has fallen into a morbid state.
Can't he take her away by force?
I hate him too cordially for that.
You are worth more than that to any one.
Don't think to escape me--don't think to foil me.
I could spurn him with my foot!
Yes, mamma, was the simple response.
But they would run down my cheeks.
No one is going to do you any harm.
Not in a sane moment, replied the young man.
I am spread out enough already.
I will not hear this from any living man.
You can't bleed him that deep, said the lawyer.
Poor to the extreme of indigence!
Both vindictive and unscrupulous.
some one help me to lay him down.
You are my own, my only mother.
I will yield no further to your outrageous demands.
You have no further power to hurt.
Have you come here to insult me, sir?
My curses rest on him, for a base betrayer!
Martin spoke with a cold, defiant sneer.
Your health, now impaired, was broken for me.
| | | | POLICIES NON-FORFEITABLE.
| | | | SUBSCRIPTIONS TAKEN FOR | | SIX MONTHS.
We don't go back Of _our_ affair!
We were not slack In justice to this Devil's pack!
ASHE; WHY ARE YOU GOING TO LEAVE?
In her mouth they have a common place, indeed.
YES, MA, BUT I COULDN'T HELP IT.
The one is a red flag, the other is a fled rag.
Says he, I speak vat-I-can English.
Only one of his attacks, said ANTONELLI.
| | | | PARIS CHAMBERY GAUZES, 70c.
| | $40.00 | | | | THIRTY COPIES.
Every one must die, because they are all wicked.
and you would not listen to me.
I gave her to another man, and now she is his wife.
Rise up, Samson, the Philistines are upon you.
Where you die, I will die, and be buried.
Do not call me Pleasant, call me Bitter.
And I am not afraid to fight with this Philistine.
This day will the Lord give you into my hand.
He even threatened to take David's life.
They robbed the people, taking more than was right.
She has done a good work upon me.
And then to John he said: Son, see your mother.
The whiteness viewed from afar disappeared.
Now, God be praised, I die happy.
_a-vourneen!_ For the love o heaven, Cauth!
out of fear to _you!_ Soggarth Aroon!
you, and only you, Soggarth Aroon!
As I laye a-thynkynge, she perished forlorne.
Twas awful to see, and twas awful to hear!
Cut your stick, sir--come, mizzle!
Rang in their ears three deafening cheers, Huzza!
He then visits the different places of torment.
And the back of me hand to some I could name.
Look at what's comin up over there.
God be good to the misfort'nit crathur.
And roared, like thee, to see thy children slain.
I widna think twice o tellin her mysel.
Guid-nicht to ye, then, Sanders, said Lisbeth.
I canna do't, Sanders, he said, I canna do't.
You're a thrawn limmer, that's what you are.
He redd them up most michty, said the post.
Whaur has he got sic a knowledge of women?
Say it as brutally as you like, for I won't listen.
He knows what the minister is like, too.
It has not Truth for object, it has only itself.
Chevalier, the French are a grand nation.
minced the pseudo Lady Aphrodite.
seriously asked the pseudo Lady Afy.
heavy--not that--in the domps--ah!
What a gay little girl is charming Bignetta!
_Count [aside]_--Oh, the devil!
_Bartolo [aside]_--It's some rogue!
No, Monsieur Mysterious, no one can hear!
_Count_--You told me you were deaf in one ear.
Senorita Rosina has shut herself up in a rage!
Then, if she resists-- _Bartolo_--She will.
_Bartolo_ [_laughing_]--Calumny, eh?
Couldn't you give her a lesson?
_Count_--I'll do anything you like.
What a difficult little old imp he is!
_Basilio [stupefied]_--My pupil!
_Figaro [low to Basilio]_--Hum!
_Basilio [angrily]_--I don't understand you.
Just look at his hypocritical eyelids!
Cherubino, you're altogether _too_ pretty.
_Count_--You must be very absent-minded, then.
But its cause is only your vanity.
Plague take me if I answer you.
_Countess_--Do you deserve it, culprit?
What a change of flesh is here!
Why, the blessed'st place, boy!
_Judas_--Peace, as you love your life.
_Hengo_--Fie, faint-hearted uncle!
Come, tie me in your belt and let me down.
_Caratach_--I'll go myself, boy.
_Hengo_--Oh, my best uncle, I am slain!
destruction Go with thy coward soul!
_Caratach_--Coward, rascal coward!
_Hengo_--You draw away my soul, then.
Till then I am in torments, ineffable torments!
replied the malicious Dive, Know, miserable prince!
Resignation!--what a miserable refuge!
Do this soon, you Carnival scamp!!!!!!!
* * * * * AMARYLLIS Up, Amarylis!
Poland earns the meeds of her evil might!
He sat down there, grandmother!
That's the kind of king for me.
That's the sort of king for me.
O wrinkled cheek and hair grown gray!
Soon must he die--ah, let him taste of bliss!
but not more vain than foolish.
Truly, we are violent to take the kingdom.
Sunt tua moenia vociferantia Roma ruisti.
The seconde is labour not outrageo.
The thyrd is dyete mesurable....
Ne to take the fysshe awaye that is taken in theym.
A Spanish Jewess, said Emanuel.
ODE TO BEAUTY Child of the Unborn!
FROM THE ODE TO NAPOLEON Poesy, nay!
Portals Hiding the Future, ope your doorways!
See what Almighty will hath destined.
Allah grant, then, that he hate thee!
and thy heart's faith to him be but thing accursed!
Surely by these traits you've our dorf-Dionysius!
Poison came, Bion, to thy mouth.
What mortal so cruel as to mix poison for thee!
Thammuz is identified with Adonis.
No more, O Cypris, weep thy wooer here!
I reply, Beshrew the general public!
We are nothing, less than nothing, and dreams.
A liar he stands self-convicted of being.
He deserved hanging, but he died in his bed.
You open his book--a Pharisee of the Pharisees.
ON THE ALLEGED OBSCURITY OF MR.
If you do not like it you must leave it alone.
she burst out with the desperation of disgust.
I was afraid IT WAS LIKE MOTHER!
But was he fit to mate with an Atherly?
And I--I--let out at him--like mother!
He big man, but no can bear pain!
Somewhere with the squaws, I reckon.
Oi was of the parrty that rode with your sister.
And then he tells her she must mount and be off.
HE would have let her go, or taken her there.
You haven't any one in your mind for me, have you?
She was no darker than I am, but so beautiful.
They're no better than gypsies.
And I dare say he gets them all wrong.
You yourself have told papa so.
what a claque it was, after all!
Like you I have seen better days.
Then she HAS let you come to me!
Oh, Philip, don't you understand?
He took another gulp of whiskey.
She was a woman and--I ain't a dog!
crossed himself violently, and fled also.
C'est vous que Marie a crue voir!
Yours very respectfully, RICHARD FOUNTAINS.
This pretty story shall stop their mouths!
You've been having coffee, papa?
I don't know what you can be thinking of, papa.
And it will be trodden upon and crushed!
I'm only a brute to have said anything.
But I leave him to your Christian discipline!
You stole it?--you STOLE it, you limb!
Then why don't you say where, you awful child?
And now get yourself off to bed and stay there.
and hev poured it inter yer lap.
No. Ain't got any pins nor nuthin?
You ain't bit by a trant'ler nor nuthin?
No use tryin to go where the b'ar couldn't.
There ain't no trail--no nuthin!
They knew THEMSELVES, that was enough.
THE AUGUSTE HERMANN FRANCKE IV.
THE ROYAL ARCH X. THE MANDALAY XI.
They die, they dare, and they suffer in silence.
for the lives of all depend on you.
just to land her bow over the full!
And then she vanishes into the darkness.
Now down with the mizzen sheet!
Why, I declare that you're quite feverish.
That's all as I knows abaht it, sir.
All this, and not even a rabbit!
This is no place for a man with neurasthenia.
Look at ole Sergeant Allen f'r example.
They're always explodin when they didn't ought to.
I ain't never seen nuffin like it.
Ain't you arf ad an escape, Pongo?
Here's a health to the new rulers of France!
I advise you to take care, young man.
He died like a soldier, I finished.
Hullo, I said, you seem to be wet.
E's the sort of bloke what I don't like.
She's my young laidy, ain't yer, Therese?
Nerves, poor devil, and badly too!
Some fellows are pigs, murmured one.
Simpson, it said, where the deuce is my toothbrush?
They ave got funny ways, these ere orficers.
E'll only think as ow it's the water what's greasy.
What the deuce you've done to it I don't know.
Supposing he were to get wounded on the way down!
No one can help me, for there is no God.
Enough of you and your 1870, said someone roughly.
And he died with a smile on his face.
I bean't so sartain as I want to be a sojer.
The man is an out-and-out scoundrel.
We must make an example of these fellows.
E ain't no bloomin loss, e ain't.
It serves im blamed well right, that's what I say.
She'll hev it all to do when you're gone.
I'll think of ye ev'ry moment ye air away.
Take plenty of gym work, girls.
She's the smartest little thing that I ever saw.
He's so big and she's so little.
That's just like a girl, he said.
So I got two more gals fer Briarwood; hev I?
I s'pose ye _be_ goin ter Briarwood, gals?
You don't want to do that, you know.
The primary girls are in big dormitories, anyway.
Did you rope any Infants, Mary?
She's not liked, I can tell you.
She's a poverty-stricken little foreigner.
Her people must be dreadfully common.
There are lots of nice girls on this corridor.
She will attend to you Infants.
Oh, you'll see plenty of us, said Heavy.
_That_ was Picolet's doing--mean thing!
She _is_ a fox, and I guess she always will be!
She will beat the Fussy Curls every time.
iv'ry blissid minute av th day.
commanded the leader of the hazing party.
Nor shall you think to befool us, Miss!
demanded the girl on the table.
They told you they were coming to haze us?
Hush and go to sleep, Helen, she advised.
We wouldn't have any friends---- That's nonsense.
I don't know but that you _are_ a Miss Prim!
Oh, the Madam always proves her point.
You have two demerits to work off, instead of one.
I don't call it fair---- Silence!
You won't go because I'll be left alone.
I've heard from the boys and I want to tell you.
We'll have you out in a minute!
let sister tuck your bib in like a nice boy.
State your reason for stopping me, sir.
You have the discernment beyond your years.
Have it if you like, Heavy, she said.
She is disgusted with Heavy's piggishness.
FROM CHANCELLORSVILLE TO GETTYSBURG.
FROM GETTYSBURG TO THE WILDERNESS.
These men are found everywhere.
The Confederate victory was complete.
Now I must go back to war scenes.
My, what a nice, soft, sweaty time we had!
At that time I was almost blind with inflamed eyes.
I aroused him and delivered my message.
These were his only and last words.
Probably 200 of us were captured.
What more did a sick soldier need?
I. Whiten, O whiten, ye clouds of fleece!
Never as white as the throat of my love!
I seem but clodded filth and float in filth!
And kindle all my soul to rapturous torments!
With irised eyes, from morn to noon.
Deep as the depth of thy blue eyes!
V. No more wild war my veins ensteeps, Angelica!
SIMON BOLIVAR BUCKNER, Southern General.
DON CARLOS BUELL, Northern General.
I see you coming with these two eyes of mine.
An you see him an hear him talk every day?
For the most excellent reason in the world, Arthur.
I'm in the saddle all night with my troop.
He might have the approval of worse men.
I'll warm you and I'll dry you.
Wonder what they take us for anyway!
You have matched my victory with one of yours.
I'm the larger and the more powerful.
You'd better surrender, Mr. Kenton.
I'm a good swimmer, and you can't escape me.
You're splashing water, a useless waste of energy.
I really have no use for you here.
I wish you'd go away, Mr. Shepard, he said.
Which means that you don't belong in these parts.
Now don't you make one mistake.
Anyway I'm not the man you're looking for.
But I'm going to rob you just the same.
Don't want to be any kind of a corpse.
It's a good thing for you that it's so.
I dare say you've seen me often enough.
I believe you're an infernal rebel.
But then he was an obstinate Yankee.
Then I warn you that I may have to hurt you.
I'm just waiting here to see what you'll do.
Why don't you come on and attack?
And there is no Yankee cavalry in between?
They say you've been coverin yourself with glory.
So we could do no more than lose the plantation.
And will be in great enough force to defeat us.
Drink this, General, won't you?
Richmond was never gayer and brighter.
Sic semper tyrannis!_ So it was all over.
Now I'm going to bed, and maybe I'll sleep.
Because you're so full of life.
Try it, George, and see what happens to you.
We must all be searched, he said.
And I insist, too, that I be searched first.
You wouldn't treat me like that!
Throw over your cousin in such a manner!
With him it was just one pretty girl after another.
What's got into your head, Harry!
Go ahead and do what you want to do.
Now, why don't you find this mysterious terror?
She's been doing work for me for some time.
And she saved your life, too, you young wanderer.
I was not speaking of little girls.
We raided a little Yankee outpost.
They say this man Grant is a pounder.
He may be, but Lee is greater, greatest.
We ask you not to go on, General.
The battle in the center and on the left died.
Fiercer and fiercer grew the conflict.
His lips and his tongue were scorched.
And do you curve further to the rear, Harry.
Go ahead then and say it to me.
If he doesn't he'll be crushed.
You're growing poetical and poetry is no argument.
Take care of yourself, old man!
The sooner he withdraws the more men he will save.
No Yankee general can ever get by General Lee.
I never breathed such smoke before.
And Grant has not yet had enough.
Bet you even that I beat you into the water.
This is no place for you, General Lee!
Because you've left the way to your king easier.
Does he come around--er--often?
I did nothing of the sort, I snapped.
I don't think you're fair to yourself.
You'd better be warned in time.
You can sit down by the road somewhere.
I expected better of you, Lizzie.
That boy asked me and I refused.
Is she--is she always like this?
He has her hypnotized, Charlie.
I've selected you; you can't help it.
But I think you're a bit of a coward, Jasper!
Ignorance is no defense and I know it.
He loves the God of America, said Tish.
And he is so pathetic, so grateful!
I stand in the presence of my three mothers.
You're a hard-hearted woman, Hannah Mackintyre!
This was absurd, as Tufik did not smoke.
This is your burden as well as mine, she snapped.
Evening, Miss Tish, he said, grinning.
People drown themselves in bathtubs.
Aggie sneezed all day and Tish had neuralgia.
This is your doing, Tish Carberry.
My stomach--I cannot eat in this America.
You must not become a Mohammedan.
Tufik takes but one wife, he said.
So that Tufik never forget America.
She must not die--she so young, so little girl!
We don't want to do it and you know it!
I hav but you and God--and God has forget!
They think Tufik only talks--now they see!
It smells like paregoric, Tish, she said.
That paregoric stuff has poisoned me.
He's as gentle as a woman to the people he likes.
I wisht I had Mr. Charlie by the neck.
They're a handsome lot generally, brown as nuts.
Yours for the Simple Life, CHARLIE SANDS.
II I am not trying to defend myself.
We shall bring back Mens sana in corpore sano.
Never mind, Aggie, Tish observed, very loud.
Don't skulk back there, she called.
Come out, where we can see you.
Tish turned on her stone and looked at me.
(Signed) ONE OF THE SIMPLE LIFERS.
He grabbed her and carried her off.
But that's not giving them to him.
Where do you think she gets them?
There's one here as big as a chicken!
Grab him as I throw him at you.
Sit down, man, and don't be a fool.
I'm a good bit worse than crazy about her.
If I don't get her, I don't want to live.
You've got enough flesh on you for a month.
The worse he thinks of us the better.
You old gypsies beat the devil!
You could shave as the Indians do, Tish said.
he demanded when Tish frowned him down.
I don't think he'll do it, boys!
And have a raft of men about all the time!
I can't swim, and you know it, Tish.
Also she said to wear mackintoshes and rubbers.
The young man has done nothing to justify rudeness.
Her subconsciousness is unusually active.
That boy's on the train, Lizzie!
You don't belong to the family.
That note was a warning to him.
He's a spy and the red-haired man is after him.
A word to the wise, Mister Happier Days!
Tish suggested that he was a woman-hater.
Primitive man, every inch of him!
My friend here will sit on the leak.
You and Aggie go, Lizzie, she said.
Then I went through his pockets.
The _y_ is especially vicious, she said.
Know the Indian mind and my own!
If I'm too obnoxious I'll clear out.
The girl came; I didn't steal her.
When a red-haired person is pale, he is very pale.
You take my advice and go, Miss Tish, she said.
Smoking is the good man's only weakness.
I've been fleshy all my life, I said.
Not a muscle to divide between you!
What in the world are you doing, Aggie?
T-t-trying to breathe, poor Aggie replied.
You jarred me, and I am in no state to be jarred.
But you might keep an eye on her.
I asked, hearing Aggie's low groans.
Do you know what she's doing now?
No, Hannah, I said with bitter sarcasm.
You've been spying on Miss Tish, Aggie said.
She's a wonder, and no mistake.
You're not tongue-tied all of a sudden, are you?
I wish I had your breath, Lizzie, Tish said.
I'm not built that way, and you know it.
Safe and perfectly gentle, and as mild as milk.
Dear, dear now, would you look at that cinch!
Twenty centuries are looking down upon us!
I'll starve, Lizzie, that's all.
Aggie, fill yourself with ozone.
Here I am, and here I stay till I die.
I'll tell your niece when I see her.
That's between you and your Creator, Tish retorted.
I admit that the provocation was great.
Wolves in sheep's clothing, that's what they are.
They've got some Indians in it too.
You'll know as soon as is good for you.
She is to be captured by the attacking party.
It's a bully place for a picture.
I'd particularly like to get your Arab, he said.
They deserve everything they get.
And it's getting wilder every minute.
Not if it gets a good look at Aggie!
Now we'll gag him, Lizzie, she said.
We are going to leave you here, she said.
And don't move, she ordered them sternly.
Search her, Lizzie, she commanded.
she said, and pointed the revolver at each in turn.
Look, he's trying to pull her off and she won't go.
You have no one to blame but yourself, she said.
You are both only reaping what you have sowed.
You are not acting much like it.
She needs a strong hand, and, by George!
What is wrong with thee, John Blake?
I will put you under guard until you are wanted.
Lord Percy is the coolest of all.
Perhaps you would like to beg your life of them.
The farmer's eye blazes with rage and hate.
Dat's de wuss news I's heard in a long time.
Yah, und it beats der Irish too alretty!
She is so large they can't hide her very well.
What, did you leave your boat with that man?
let us go after dem fellers mit pitchforks alretty!
They certainly ought to be punished.
Really they won't let me do a thing for myself!
And so do I, came from the other boys.
Ve vos stuck on der Mississippies Rifer, ain't it.
Of da ton't gif ub ve plow der heads off, ain't it!
Vot is ve going to do--sthay on der poat all night?
Vos dose rascals here to fight mit us alretty?
Then Hans got a nightmare and yelled Bop cats!
Some day I may place a monument over his grave.
Mine cracious, vos der a lion aroundt here?
Say, I ton't vonts me no snakes in mine!
asked the young Southerner, impatiently.
It's enough to give a fellow the creeps!
Well, you are the limit, Fred Garrison.
Keep quiet now, it will be best for you.
he yelled, at the top of his lungs.
But wait, pole her over to the barge.
If you do any firing, so will we!
stop that, or we'll fire at you!
Get behind the woodwork, he said.
I ain't vos tone noddings alretty!
Sheer off, or we'll all be wrecked!
Vos dose rascallions gone alretty?
But if I were you I'd fight shy of that Sack Todd.
Oh, gentlemen, it's all a mistake, he whined.
Did they bring you here and leave you?
It's mighty hard on a fellow as ain't done nothin!
I vos make a kick py der cabtain, ain't it!
do you threaten me on my own ship?
I can put you in irons for it, young man!
We are not going to touch you or any of your crew.
Say, I ton't vont no earthkvakes, not much I ton't!
Der oceans vos all busted up alretty!
Der vos no Dutchmans vot fly, vos dare?
Don't you fellows want to come up?
This is enough to give a fellow the creeps!
Maype you vos run us on der rocks, put in Hans.
I can't stand this much longer!
I was afraid I was going to be boiled alive!
If I don't, I feel black from head to foot.
I ton't run me no more, py golly!
It makes a fellow sick, doesn't it?
And just when we were doing so nicely too.
He just told me to slow down more yet.
Th--the mast came down on m--me!
I vos eat vot I blease, Sam Rofer!
Dot vos vot I vos going to see.
Wait a minute, and I'll throw you a rope ladder.
I am not going to prison just yet.
Oh, he'll have to do as we say.
Hans isn't here, he went on, down the tube.
I don't want any of you to come closer.
We have as much right to her as you have.
Because if you do, we'll treat you well.
Then you'll have to take the consequences.
But they handled me pretty roughly.
I vish I could drow dem all oferpoard, ain't it!
What, you wouldn't poison them!
Stiff as corpses, was the brutal answer.
I tell you, that dope did the business.
Otherwise they'll surely die on our hands.
I'd like to make all of the gang prisoners.
Don't you dare to make another sound.
You didn't want to see us doped, as they call it?
Ton't dare to mofe, Hans was saying.
Paxter, he ton't got avay from me, not much!
We've given them the same dose they gave us.
And there is another thing, went on Dan Baxter.
Yah, I ton't stand in nopody's vay, added Hans.
Stop, or we'll open fire on you!
They value their worthless hides too much.
Put them where they can't do any harm.
I am here, said the former bully of Putnam Hall.
I told you I didn't like his looks.
Then you'll have to wait until later for more.
If you don't keep quiet you'll get the worst of it.
Wait till I get my hands on you!
You're a villain if ever there was one, Sack Todd.
You might as well give up, he said to Gasper Pold.
Thank you, answered the former bully, humbly.
He expects to be placed on trial.
Because fighting is not always right, my boy.
he exclaimed, are you mad, boy?
I'm sponsible to your mother for you.
Stay, I'll do the thing myself.
You weren't looking at me, and I didn't move.
P'r'aps not, lad; but you winked.
That's wot I calls the feelosophy of obsarvation.
Don't stop tellin till I'm safe off.
Why don't ye build a log hut, and enjoy yerself?
Why, you're as hale and hearty as the best on us.
I ver moch sorray dat I be give you von fright.
I'm your man; fix me off slick.
Why, I tell ye I've seen the _bars_ smell em.
The fact is, they _can't_ bust.
They're too useless even for that.
do stand still, just as you are, men!
mon garcon, you is so drefful slow.
we have noting--dey have everyting.
Here's your blunderbusses, I guess, mister.
The Indians were appalled by the sight.
An what did he when the Indians ran away!
Neither does he eat human flesh.
Depend upon it scalps will be taken ere long.
Wall, if ye bean't old, ye ain't exactly a chicken.
I've ta'en a sort of fancy to your face.
Dis is de von as vill do it more slicker by far.
The missile went true to the mark and felled him.
One powerful Indian seized March by the throat.
Well done, the Wild Man of the West!
Not badly hurt, young man, I trust.
He ain't to be trusted, he ain't, that feller.
I guess we'll have nothin to say to em wotiver.
More than that, I'll never go to sleep any more.
Me sit here till you sleep, after that me go away.
Perhaps it will cure me, especially if you feed me.
Is it long since they left ye, mother?
he said, after she had swallowed a little.
But he had to leave me; I am old and useless.
No, I would not; I would do him good.
Yes, replied the girl with a gay smile.
Just see what them reptiles ha done to me.
Hims look to me--me's look to him.
Smokin and drinkin are both alike.
An pray, Mister Solomon, do _you_ smoke?
Adam's wife never got the better o that.
Use yer eyes now; d'ye see nothin?
I don't want them, an they don't want me.
I believe the head's stickin in my back.
Did ye iver hear such a roarer, comrades?
She must be a good mother that o yours.
Let me see the words, boy; are they there?
Didn't she think his taste was good?
he whispered, my wanchee you keep mouth shut.
Then he chuckled a cold, dry chuckle.
The Russian was not looking up.
Now, he mocked, now I have you, sir.
Before releasing him, he searched him carefully.
They think he's from the Russian Government.
Failing in this, she gave it a number of punches.
Communism isn't so bad for him after all.
Everything belongs to the tribe.
No go, said the native, his voice rising.
Johnny's good right arm had done that.
About his neck was a skin rope.
There were a dozen natives in the room.
What did they want to hang him for?
See here, he said sharply, this man, no die, See?
The cult had spies and avengers everywhere.
This she found crowded with natives, mostly men.
They say, that one; they say all; you die.
No, Johnny was not running from the Russian.
Then a gasp escaped his lips: The Russian!
Yes, and worse, many times worse.
Whatever else you are, I don't know.
She blushed through her brown skin.
We will get that man, you and I, and--Iyok-ok.
Was it his patriotic duty to stick?
Sometimes I follers em, like now.
Dey ain't regular crooks, nor regular guys either.
Dey's cookin soup for sump'n big.
Youse guys is wanted at the station.
Betrayed by one of my own people!
Didn't you never view that map of his before?
Madison Street police station, and hurry!
But you, you have done nothing.
My testimony will set you free.
My room; the police do not know about it.
I seen dose blokes wid me own eyes.
Dey wuz packin a skirt thru de hatch.
We'll get them before the police get us.
We are gentlemen of the finest type.
After that, we shall see what will happen to you.
We Radicals will win by fair means or foul.
At that the Russian's rage knew no bounds.
Did you find it last night in the submarine?
Last night was a bad night for me.
What is it stills to stone His hands, his lips?
E'en kings Must reckon with Me.
O eyes and lips, that haunt my soul forever!
He is the Omar Khayyam of the Ohio Valley.
1903 Copyright THE PSYCHIC RESEARCH COMPANY.
Do not tell me you are too old.
Ignore years and they will ignore you.
Your mind is your own to educate and direct.
It will come to you if you do the same.
It is blasphemous and an insult to the Creator.
It is appalling when you consider it.
You are wasting life for nothing.
The world will not stand still for us.
What is uglier or more unattractive than mud?
You will find them all about you.
All this sort of talk is very ridiculous.
It would be weakmindedness and cowardice.
Friday, sacred to Freia and VENUS.
[43:1] Gross: The Heathen Religion.
Worship no other gods beside me.
And Samson said: Let me die with the Philistines.
The _literalists_ they called fools.
THE MIRACULOUS BIRTH OF CHRIST JESUS.
Reverence be unto thee, the Lord of the Earth!
No one denies him to have been a god.
Woe to the man that dares to interpose it!
This bright boy will be Buddha.
THE BIRTH-PLACE OF CHRIST JESUS.
THE SLAUGHTER OF THE INNOCENTS.
Ormuzd will protect this infant.
THE CRUCIFIXION OF CHRIST JESUS.
THE DARKNESS AT THE CRUCIFIXION.
THE RESURRECTION AND ASCENSION OF CHRIST JESUS.
CHRIST JESUS AS CREATOR, AND ALPHA AND OMEGA.
I separate myself from all sin.
but because it is a shameful thing.
[268:2] Jewish Antiquities, bk.
CHRIST CRISHNA AND CHRIST JESUS COMPARED.
Crishna was pierced with an arrow.[282:3] 25.
16.) Deluded men despise me when I take human form.
Beware of fixing your eyes upon women.
THE EUCHARIST OR LORD'S SUPPER.
This is still practiced in India.
The Jews looked upon the Jordan in the same manner.
_Black_ is the color of the Egyptian Isis.
[369:4] That is, the Lord and Saviour _Crishna_.
This revolt resulted in a war in heaven.
The Mohammedan paradise differs from this.
Women _there_, are for man's pleasure.
but because it is itself a shameful thing.
The less they comprehend, the more they admire.
THE ANTIQUITY OF PAGAN RELIGIONS.
He is Purusha, the man, the male.
Now, all _Sun_-gods, from Crishna of India (Fig.
[477:8] Manners of the Germans, p. xi.
Why do I desire to fight with beasts?
avert from us the she-wolf and the wolf; and, oh!
_Bacab_, the Son, in the Mexican Trinity, 378.
_Bambino_, the, at Rome is black, 336.
_Black God_, the, crucified, 201.
_Black Mother_, the, and child, 336.
_Demons_, cast out, by Jews and Gentiles, 269.
_Jemshid_, devoured by a great monster, 18.
_Magician_, Jesus accused of being a, 273.
_Mother of the Gods_, the, Aditi called, 475.
_Necromancer_, Jesus represented as a, 273.
_Oude_, the crucified God Bal-li worshiped at, 188.
_Shams-on_, the Sun in Arabic, 73.
_Twins_, the Mexican Eve the mother of, 15.
_West_, the sun-gods die in the, 493.
_Wisdom_, Ganesa the god of, 117.
_Wittoba_, the god, crucified, 185.
_Zephyrinus_, the truth corrupted by, 135.
24 ------------- ---------- Lat.
---------- 2)78 -27 -54 ---------- Mid.
= 1.56820 + -------- 11.79313 - 10.
--12 ------------------------ L.M.T.
15d-- 3h--42m--30s -------- G.M.T.
April 15d-- 3h--42m--30s L.M.T.
14d 22h--17m--30s ------------------ Lo.
and work it out by the formula L.M.T.
W - 4 --56 ------------- L.S.T.
15h--54m--14s Now Bowditch gets this L.S.T.
has to be secured by the formula L.M.T.
5 --25 ---------------------- G.M.T.
1 --13 ---------------------- G.S.T.
5 --25 ---------------------- L.S.T.
5h - 25m 0 - 53 --------------- L.S.T.
Some of you may think that the N.A.
+ E. Lo, Here it would be G.S.T.
W) - 4 --56 --00 --------------- L.S.T.
19d--18h--02m--00s Then get your G.S.T.
19d-- 7h--52m--36.2s Then get your L.S.T.
June 15--3h 34m 15s) ------------------- Lat.
Apply the equation of time to find the G.A.T.
(-W) (+E) and the result is L.A.T.
17d -- 21h -- 42m -- 50s (_) 29 deg.
17d -- 21h -- 46m -- 37s -(-)- 29 deg.
08 35 N D +- L .03687 -------- Calc.
E (--5h) --49.3 ________________ R.A.M.S.
your M. 17 -- 29--14.6 ---------------- Sid.
Noon 11h--02m--03.9s Red for Sid.
36 S Corr. - 5 08 ---------- True Alt.
30 52 S - 90 00 00 ---------- Z.D.
--------- = L.S.T.--Star's R.A.
2 -- 23 -------------------- G.S.T.
7. Find the difference between L.A.T.
10 49 48 ------------------ -------------- G.M.T.
T. -2 --05 ------------------ G.A.T.
9.63266 - 9 -(-)- 45 04 57 ------------ Diff.
(L.A.T.) 25d--21h--00m--01s G.A.T.
25 --14 --43 --06 ----------------- Lo.
at the ship in the same way L.A.T.
Find the difference between G.S.T.
4h--26m--03.4s Corr. -8 28 Obs. Alt.
05 20 Corr. -8 28 ---------- T.C.A.
30 16 ------------- 1/2 S 82 deg.
6 --41 --39 -------------- L.S.T.
Put in your Note-Book: 1. Get your L.A.T.
T. - 11 - 50 --------------------- G.A.T.
in T 4 - 24 - 16 (W-) --------------------- L.A.T.
T. -- 5 -- 42 ------------------- G.A.T.
in T. 3 -- 52 -- 32 ------------------- L.A.T.
Do not forget that in subtracting the L.A.T.
found by subtracting from G.A.T.
(true) and steamed until 3 A.M.
51 30 E ------------ ------------ Lat.
6h 33m 19s Log hav t 8.92502 E + 00 20 C.W.
36 40 ----------- -------- HE - 7 09 G.M.T.
20 14 58 Nat hav L--D .11349 T.C.A.
25 20 ----------- ------- HE + 7 34 G.M.T.
32 54 ----------- ------ G.A.T.
30 00 ZD Nat hav ZD .34135 Dec.
50 50 W 1 48 S 3 E ----------- ----------- Lat.
4 41 58 ----------- IE + 10 G.A.T.
59 10 ----------- HE 8 55 G.M.T.
4h 54m 32s 17 ---------- -(-)- 38 deg.
50 54 N ------ ------------ Diff.
sight 4 43 12 ----------- L.A.T.
RESTORATION OF LAW AND LIBERTY 18.
But he will be tried, as fire tries metal.
She was very young, little more than a girl.
Sera cried out: The Black Ones!
They have died, but the evil died with them.
Of that monstrous mating came the Black Ones.
May fortune favor you, outlander.
Kepta, son of vileness, Thrala is not for you.
A clean beast, Kepta, which you are not.
They have taken her back to the cells.
Meanwhile, I leave you to each other.
Garin was already busy with the rod.
And the morgels see in the dark....
They have set the morgels on our trail!
Now send you to dust this black throne....
Forty days have we and then the Black Ones come.
Do as you desire, Dweller in the Light.
I am a fool, said the American slowly.
Please feel free to smoke, David.
Carrying pestilence and disease and terror.
Well, I didn't intend to get off on this.
These natives, the general said.
I can't think of them as intelligent at all.
You're like lawyers, all you technicians.
I've known a lot of guys like that in my time.
Patches of toilet paper all over his face.
Half my men are down with the virus.
It is not true, he said, it is not true!
Gentlemen may cry order and interrupt me.
Perish such demagogy--such senseless stuff.
The law will triumph and the evil stop.
He had been a Whig, and now he abused the Whigs.
You see the traitor before you.
He was captured, tried, convicted, and hanged.
They have lost their shame with their virtue....
He is immortal, as the people are eternal.
Refuse that, and you present us war.
He thinks I pant for it, poor fool.
George W. Smith I see every day.
I am sir, Your obedient servant, ROBERT TOOMBS.
Your obedient servant, ROBERT TOOMBS.
Brown's and Chambers policy is all foolishness....
The militia are coming up finely.
Georgians are all coming up well except the cities.
The country was swarming with raiders.
Then get it out of me if you can.
Joe Deas, she said, are you a fool?
General, you say you won't be taken alive.
To me it is becoming intolerable....
Kiss the dear little children for me.
Yours truly and affectionately, as ever, TOOMBS.
I have not pardoned you all yet.
By the Living God, they shall pay them.
If she does not, I will pay them for her!
Bacon was not accused of selling injustice.
My opinion of the Yankees is apostolic.
The Lord reward him according to his works.
This is the end of the just in this world.
These people are trying to usurp your functions.
Zachary Taylor was the most ignorant.
Sister Liza, you'd better get a pillow!
_Arethusa!!_ If you don't sit down!...
Yours affectionately, ROSS WORTHINGTON.
Run along, Timothy, if _you're_ afraid.
I call it dirt mean to make her suffer so.
But I couldn't get any wetter if I stayed.
Ef Mis Liza wuz jes to see you all now!
And you behave just like a child!
It was far too small for him in every possible way.
She'd say it was rude, and you know it.
He makes me so mad I could just....
He says he likes to see me get mad, and I ...
with a most scornful emphasis, her voice rising.
That was a most foolish remark.
Such a thing could never be, and you know it.
What you call love is just pure silly!
I think it's the very ugliest name I ever heard.
The girl was getting more and more foolish!
She is pure beauty and pure everything else.
And Where ignorance is bliss, you know.
Don't look so stern, Woman, I do write her often.
Because I won't have you, that's why.
I didn't bring you up here for that....
Timothy was silent for a moment....
Suit yourself, she replied, indifferently.
replied Arethusa, very sarcastically.
Oh, I forgot, Timothy rolled over.
Grown girls don't kiss grown men.
It's just like poor white trash!
What's the matter with you, Timothy Jarvis?
You're plenty old enough to know better'n this.
And you ain't never seen your Pa?
And you're so much smarter than I am.
I don't look like my mother, and you....
Oh, please go on and stop fooling!
If you did, you wouldn't laugh!
We'll go right up to your room.
There's oceans of time for you to change.
Did she cut it up before hand, or what?
was his rather inappropriate exclamation.
She must be more careful of her tongue.
His glance searched her, up and down.
Say, he exclaimed, that hurt like fury!
He ought to be barred from em by law.
Then let me give you another lesson, now....
She is said to be somewhat proficient at it.
The curtain descended once more, and this time....
_Why_, I wouldn't laugh at _you_ for all the world!
Sposin she don't come back with it?
It's none of your business whether I had or not!
She wouldn't care the least bit.
That nasty old beast of a woman!
He's just got to come, that's all!
Oh, I just hate him for acting this way!
Let me come around where you are, can't I?
You're always so awfully rough.
Then as a supreme inducement and a last resort....
Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
And _I_ most certainly didn't like _him_!
He's a four-flusher, for fair, if ever _I_ saw one!
You're not nearly so pretty with it, either.
There's nothing the matter with that nut!
You just take that back right now, Billy Watts!
And he's sick, he told me so himself!
Come on now, Arethusa, and be a better sport!
He kissed her square on her sweet mouth.
This last was also an interrogation.
And I really didn't mean a single thing!
I don't want to hear anything you have to say!
And Timothy was exactly right about you!
I can't let you do a thing like that....
His had been the Kiss of a Judas!
And this time, it was with what Dire Results!
And I'm just as sorry as the deuce!
And he just's running himself thin!
Don't be such an old prophet of evil!
I'll have you out now in a jiffy!
I want you, yourself, to get my hair out.
Paul, I can't always do your fightin for you.
It ain't only the Marquess kid you're fightin.
These people were whipped, starved out, beaten.
Not enough to feed a sick pigeon with.
Power is what I want an it's what I'm goin to have.
Julius Caesar couldn't do nothin here.
Ain't a little bit better than nothin whatsoever?
Heretofore you've done it willin'ly.
Did you hear what I said to you?
Ham may talk, but he won't desert.
That's not the question, mother.
He went, an now he's restin down there at Shiloh.
Please do not tax my patience longer.
You are fully dressed, are you not?
Let us be frank with each other.
When I give presents to a woman, it will be to you.
Scorn it and it serves you blindly.
I know you aren't afraid of any physical attack.
When he smashes us, we'll know all right.
There's nothing ambiguous about his wallops.
Most men come to me when I send for them.
Grant that all your self-adulation is warrantable.
Your ticker isn't silent out there.
It's not your custom to be uninformed.
You come urging peace with threats.
I don't even know that he was a real man.
You don't even know what I'm like.
I have a very definite idea what you are like.
That's worth refusing to die for.
That comes later, she reminded him.
Never until today did I face the truth.
You call yourself an artificial little flirt.
Besides, did any woman ever flirt with you?
Or kiss your lips--like this--would you?
You can go and dance, if you like.
Trust him to make himself a nuisance.
Then his voice snapped into animosity.
I hate the pampered brother--but Thayre is right.
There were plenty of other girls, weren't there?
Why do you avoid me as if I were a pestilence?
Gentlemen, this man is a charlatan.
As his power grows his menace increases.
We are rearing a Frankenstein, gentlemen.
she told the man, and he swiftly demanded: Hate me?
Therefore we must be crushed--if possible.
They hate me, because they fear me!
he demanded as he kissed her pale cheek.
These gentlemen think they won't turn loose.
I said get his Coal and Ore, or get him.
If you prefer, gag him and drag him here.
Doesn't want to be disturbed--he's got to be....
You understand me, don't you, Carter?
It is possible to suffocate on incense.
It is an attack of indigestion.
You don't know what this matter is!
My egotistical boy, she said in a low voice.
At all events I can overthrow you.
I was too busy crying to see you, he laughed back.
Do you know, I have the instincts of a sybarite?
I am asking you a question and I demand an answer.
I will go back into the Street.
I will bury you deep beyond salvation!
You are the pirate and no more.
I will not call your boast empty.
I would wreck all New York to smash you.
He is my man, and my place is with him.
It outweighs even a Monte Cristo's arrogance.
It is to be war now, and bitter war.
He is a traitor and I have marked him for ruin.
For God's sake, he cried, don't.
I have no intention of tame submission.
You must have a Burton to fight this Burton.
This is a den of bears you know.
yes, like a strangling man wants breath, he said.
I had my chance and have failed.
I don't need you either, I don't need anyone.
Of course, that would make you hate me.
It must make anyone hate me if it's true.
Whatever he did he must appear a weak fool.
to give you all a woman can give a man.
I haven't been happy for years.
If he means to fight he must fight now.
If he thinks he can stop us let him try.
We expect you to stand your pro rata.
E-D-W-A-R-D-E-S A-N-D E-D-W-A-R-D-E-S.
MARKET TAKES TURN BURTON BROKERS BIDDING UP.
Hamilton Burton took me and squeezed me dry.
My family will be in the streets.
She is in no condition to stand more of this.
but you men that want everything ...
She is only going on her nerve.
Now it's all going to be harder.
It won't take you so long to get down.
demanded the member, stiffening with indignation.
You great artist--you not un'stand making money.
No, Yamuro, you have done enough--God bless you!
Loraine Haswell and his own cowardice!
If I ever become a man, God knows I'll come to you.
I know and I saw your eyes as you refused.
Is it so bad as all that with you?
Now I'm coming to it and I'm going to put it plain.
He said the women would eat that up.
Remember that this is the capital of sharks.
Tomorrow's the limit of my patience.
She don't seem to take no interest in her act.
You ain't never suspected he was a crook before.
I ought to run you in for your own protection.
I ought to have locked him up the first time.
For God's sake, leave me alone.
These lives are ended, but yours is beginning.
Keep him covered till I tie her up.
commanded L'Olonnois, ignoring him; what else?
A boy I had never been; nay, nor even a youth.
You led Jimmy into that with you.
I tried now to be fair; and I failed!
Come here, Tige, you blame fool!
Someways, maybe dogs and boys understands quicker.
Because, you seem like a real pirate to us.
So, after now, we'll call you Black Bart.
He rushed, and my left fist caught him on the neck.
Drop your weapons--that isn't fair.
Press up until he begs our pardon.
You couldn't do it if you'd fight fair!
Me payin my money in and gettin no protection.
They were crooked and awkward, but they came hard.
Unconsciously, he put a finger to his swollen nose.
The more he got, the more he wanted.
He never was a boy like you and me.
Jimmy L'Olonnois, little do you know what you say!
Was I a ruler, or a private man, or a lame man?...
Throw up your hands, or by heavens you die!
No, that is not why you failed.
So think not, fellow, to escape us!
So, it's you for the fair captive, huh?
Why don't we run in and board her?
While I attend to him, you, L'Olonnois, run aft.
Are you with me, my bold mates?
Go over there, Peterson, and quiet him.
I stretched out my arms, craving, demanding.
Run me through, you varmint--what do you mean?
Enough of all this noise, I said.
Little do you know what lies before you.
Ain't you poor, then, Black Bart?
Little do you know what lies before you!
I wonder where he is, and what he will say.
She say, she say, Misal Hally, she say no come.
Yon varlet has wired on ahead to have us stopped!
An let any pursue us at their peril!
She knows you're poor, all right.
Marry the captive maid your own self?
An they founded families that---- Jimmy!
Take the chance, Peterson, and run into the bayou.
If you can not, all the same you must and shall!
Is there no law for such as you?
You may hate me, despise me, Helena.
There are plenty of girls in the world---- One.
I know what I covet, and by the Lord!
nothing shall stop me, least of all the law.
And you're filling his head with wild ideas.
You were just like all the rest.
When that was gone, you cared nothing for me.
You have a poor ear for music, John Doe.
Let me hear no more such talk, or by my halidom!
The train is too close, said I, smiling grimly.
I'll not try to take the train.
You have been presumptuous and overbearing.
We might be arrested and put to a lot of trouble.
Let's board her and take her, hissed Jean Lafitte.
And you do hate me very much, do you not?
It was wrong, foolish of me, Harry.
Take me back, she said, her voice low.
Till the end of the world I'll hate you.
Tis I, Black Bart, I answered, full and clear.
Maybe them folks has a'ready dug em up.
You grow flippant as well as rude, sir!
Your effrontery amazes me--I doubt your sanity!
It's getting black, and it's colder.
And it's getting black, and the fog is coming.
Ah, fine of you to persecute a girl!
If I were to drown, I'd not take aid from you.
It's about all a coward can do for you.
S'posin we don't hit her, in this fog!
It's this d----d fog that makes it bad.
I--am--going--to--die, going to _die_!
Stay right where you are--and you also, Miss Emory.
Course he would, only he's so awful sick.
I ain't sick--yet, but I feel funny, someway.
When we hit that white water---- Shut up!
Safe as a church, here or there, you lubbers.
Take Williams to run her motor for you.
What are you trying to do, Mr. Harry?
We can't leave the poor devil helpless, that way.
You'd only swamp her, if you tried.
John, said I, I catchee plenty wind this time.
I know you come back allee time bimeby, one time.
They have their own ways, these people of the East.
I expect she's sprung a leak, all right.
Regular greenheads, like we get up North.
Am I not a coward--did you not tell me so yourself?
I was the same man then that I was last night.
Go back and tell your aunt that you have won.
My name is L'Olonnois, the Scourge of The Sea.
An we was havin such a bully chance!
Me, I buy me some net for s'rimp.
An where you'll goin', Monsieur?
No man he'll mawnkey wit Monsieur Edouard, heem!
You're a fine pirate, ain't you, Black Bart!
--Or else she'd walk the plank.
I'll do nothing of the sort, Jimmy.
I wisht I was under them fellers right now.
It is Portia judges this world.
Why, me and Jean Lafitte and the heartless jade.
She said, I can't go, and I said, You _gotta_ go.
He called you a heartless jade---- The little imp!
When I said--when I called you--a coward.
I say it now to your face, Harry.
There were other men in the world for you.
No. I could barely hear her whisper.
He never has done that way for me.
He loves you more, and you don't deserve it.
I am in the power of a ruffian band!
And you have been a cruel and ruthless pirate.
Beshrew me, but it shall go hard with him!
I'm loading her up with marbles now!
Oh, I say, there, you Harry, confound you!
He'll wouldn't took four days now, Monsieur!
And I say, isn't Sally a humdinger?
Then I'd a-got the mine and the girl both, maybe!
And may God bless us, and all true lovers!
WANTED BY THE POLICE, 4,200 feet.
You know what these mortals are.
OH, LOOK, MUMMIE, I'VE FOUND A SNUGGLER'S CAVE!
Now, what's the cotton round your finger for?
UTHER'S SON, RIGHTWISE KING OF ALL ENGLAND III.
God preserve me from your subtile crafts.
And also I must follow this damsel.
I charge you slay this traitor.
Then they cried all at once, Slay him.
For all you I might have been slain.
So she died, and all was done as she desired.
And a clean maiden I died, I take God to witness.
I know well mine uncle will be avenged upon me.
About six of the leaders were executed.
Ar-pi-uck-i, or Sam Jones, his X mark.
Moki-his-she-lar-ni, his X mark.
Three of the four were executed.
The whites always suspect such ones.
Let the Americans have their land immediately.
The request being refused, the town was bombarded.
A dog has a better, that's sheltered and fed.
Whate'er's to be done, Poor black must run.
A single victim only was sacrificed there.
This was neither true nor just.
Frequently they were clubbed or whipped.
Eleven children died within one week.
On to the parish prison and lynch Pierce.
II Oh, import deep as life is, deep as time!
A belief in humanity is a belief in colored men.
The Voice of the Carpet Bagger.
2. Africans Taken in the _Amistad_.
CHAPTER II SOLDIERS I HAVE MET U.S. Grant.
The fool parson, to let such a chance go!
They both perished on the battle-field.
It was not Munich, Fastidiosus.
Many men of note were in their seats that night.
Physically certainly he was superbly endowed.
But a counts them every night when's desart's done.
And he said, It's not my _'scusis_.
I'll tell you what that book's good for, Chris.
Not a toad, but a F. R. O. G. frog!
It suits you much better than being a Queen.
Boys be so destructive, John said.
The new earth that's just underneath.
I put em all on myself, everyone of them.
But do leave off staring at your legs.
Zo let young lady have un, her says.
Toast and water, said Chris, maliciously.
Just like their mother, as I told her.
Wait a minute--I know which you shall be.
I only begged him to avoid my labels.
I don't care a fig for Jemima, said her husband.
You wouldn't like me to go, I know.
Go and tell now, if you're not afraid.
I don't know, and I don't care.
All women are inferior animals, said Harry.
Try ordering Mamma to do what you want, and see!
Shew me your tongue, Harry, said he.
We come from Italy originally, you know.
Then it's pride and perverseness.
Good-bye, good Sister, he said.
For if you can't, So-so must stay with you.
So I say, and I have my reason.
A heavy reckoning will be demanded of me!
We neither of us like having Foes.
REGULAR REGIMEN IN GRANDMAMMA'S YOUNG DAYS.
A SINFUL WASTE OF CANDLE GREASE.
A PURSUIT OF KNOWLEDGE UNDER DIFFICULTIES.
Tall, ye know, big beaming face, eh?
Good bye, little Michaelmas Goose!
Your papa was a very easy gentleman.
Let wells alone, he says, and muck heaps likewise.
I kissed all their dear faces one after another.
Don't turn your eyes into saucers.
TINY'S TRICKS AND TOBY'S TRICKS.
you'll make yourself giddy, Toby.
Where are you slinking off to?--Oh, Toby, darling!
OR, THE CHILDREN'S BIRD OF WISDOM.
Little Miss won't tame me, I muttered.
Then she left me alone under the cloth.
Cyanide of iron, for Prussian blue.
_A Varnish Polish._--Take 10 oz.
=Waterproof French Polish.=--Take 2 oz.
gum benzoin; cut the gums cold.
If old and greasy, wash with sour milk first.
=1/6= HANDYBOOKS FOR HANDICRAFTS.
J. BLACK 2/6 Portland Cement for Users.
C. BALTET 2/6 Bees for Pleasure & Profit.
closing quote added after Polish 44.
14, BEDFORD STREET, STRAND, W.C.
Well, God save Ireland, they shall some day!
You have seen what has happened already.
No, sir, I am a Spaniard as well.
I have the power and I will use it.
Spaniard or Irishman, what does it matter?
I hate England and everything English.
And it's yourself that's sick and sorry, is it?
There's no doubt of that, and it's the very devil.
You are going to be ill, I know.
Sink, smash and generally destroy.
We'll tackle these gentlemen first.
Now they're going to pay for it.
I'm going to fire first, then ram.
If we didn't do it with them, they'd do it with us.
Are you going to leave them all to drown?
I wonder what that young devil has been up to.
That must be a perfect devil of a craft of yours.
Can you sink anything with her?
It's a good job you're on our side.
Bad enough, replied General French.
We are helpless, like rats in a trap.
He then fainted, and is still unconscious.
And divil a bit better do they deserve.
Mysteries don't get any t better for keepin.
If you can't hit back, you can't fight.
Is the German Emperor here yet?
I shan't bother about answering it.
The Kaiser was perfectly right.
Now, don't talk back, Newson, that's fixed.
You just wait till you see her in daylight.
Are you quite serious, gentlemen?
She's trying to get the drop on us.
In a flash he becomes a fiend incarnate.
He is got into Ethiopia, he will never come back.
Soo all the Knyghtes went with hym.
And here let me utter a word of warning.
PUNCH, OR THE LONDON CHARIVARI VOL.
_Uncle._ UNFORTUNATELY, MY BOY, I WASN'T ON IT.
_Western Daily Press._ He was no gentleman.
He no longer looks like PHILIP IV.
Your friends cannot save you now.
Familiar military command As you were obeyed.
Much better have sent for Germans.
_Second Sportsman._ LOOK OUT YOURSELF!
He was a bad boy, and he made a bad man.
This was disobedience outright.
ADVANTAGES OF SPEAKING THE TRUTH.
What a shame for a brother to strike his sister!
God has set a mark upon this vice.
I have been a felon, and in prison!
TOUCH NOT, TASTE NOT, HANDLE NOT.
Laziness, poverty, and rags, will go together.
You are a fine boy, a good boy, Baptiste.
the bright bames of heaven on ye every day!
She's in all the wo o the world, ma'am, dear.
you see she's off, and they are all after her!
The words Might send us packing!
what egregious folly you are committing?
Then this is your final answer?
SHE evidently expects you to return.
Any fool could have told you that.
trust that poor critter to you?
And ez to the child keepin up, why, dog my skin!
But look yar, do you ever use a doctor?
Liked to have pizened me after mar died.
You've got nothing else to do, you know.
He returned the kiss, but not vicariously.
You never had any education, any way.
Hear your accomplished daughter.
Well, boys, I've got just the biggest thing out.
I goes out and asks some o the boys.
Just now your lay is to turn in.
An overwhelming and instantaneous No!
It's the man that's responsible.
Meanwhile, Heaven help you, and forgive me.
Come here, there; lie down, will you?
Did you see his guilty conscience in his face.
Boys were absolutely forced to study their lessons.
Rooshins is small, likewise Greeks.
I have a black flag in my pocket.
They were his last words on earth.
Sic him--I mean, Sic semper tyrannis!
I shall not become a pirate--but a Congressman!
I promised my sainted mother-- Enough!
These women are an awful bother!
I told her the truth--and she FAINTED.
Slumber still, O deacons and vestrymen!
Shure, I've as aisy a hand at it as any man.
Are you fond uv blackberries, Captain?
Ah, but it's a swate pair ye'd make!
Of course HE doesn't know that.
I was tendin sheep, and you was burnin charcoal.
I don't care much for this yellin.
I tell you, she's a right peart gal.
Don't you see she was all right.
I'm expecting him back here every minute.
Do you know what position he has?
Don't you talk to ME. Pooh, pooh!
Look at thet contortion of them fashal muscles.
MORNING ON THE AVENUE NOTES BY AN EARLY RISER.
I will not terrify you with useless details.
And with merciless club he smashed her skull.
A dialectic form of gallu or devil was mulla.
Come back to your natural ashes.
Come back and work for your children.
Ilk happing bird, wee, helpless thing!
When he died, he departed to Hades or the Abyss.
Apparently he came back as a child.
Ishtar is referred to as my mother.
More probably they regarded them as foreign devils.
I will thwart them and destroy their purpose.
Tiamat heard these words and snarled.
I will change the pathways of the gods....
Serpent charms are protective and fertility charms.
Let me bear thee to the highest heaven.
destroyer of all, creator of all.
Stricken with terror, Gilgamesh uttered a curse.
I have allowed my people to be destroyed.
Let the leopard come and men will decrease.
Nergal accepted these terms by kissing the goddess.
All of them were sold to be wives.
Apparently the figure 6 attracted him.
In India the Black Age is the age of wickedness.
to destroy evil did Anu create you....
A god of fertility is a corn god and a water god.
Terrible reprisals were meted out to the rebels.
The city of Damdamusa was set on fire.
Their boys and girls I burned up in flames.
the sacred place they pursue me....
Its foreign garrison was slaughtered.
I will break also the bar of Damascus ...
The remnant of the Philistines shall perish.
He swept through Israel like a hurricane.
According to the oracle of the Kulummite(s)....
Then he wreaked his vengeance on Babylon.
A Chaldaean revolt was inevitable.
Jerusalem was plundered and desolated.
[396] _Adonis, Attis, Osiris_, chaps.
Looking very undancey indeed 16.
Thus, when you cry out, Greedy!
If so, I think it rather silly of you.
This is one of their best tricks.
I think we are wicked as we can be!
I wish Meeks hadn't told us, he said, angrily.
Its bad enough to rob the living.
What on earth ails you, Henry Whitman?
You look awful down-in-the-mouth.
Lord, don't worry, he said, roughly.
Sometimes a man lives through everything.
Sylvia never crossed you in anything.
Look out, he'll hear you, charged Henry.
He smokes so many he can't pay more than that.
Jump into the fire if you want to, said she.
Go back to your room, she said to Hannah.
You act as if you were possessed.
She has an awful lot of them lately.
Folks are silly enough for anything.
Put this thing right out of your mind.
I wonder if they'll hang her, he said, cheerfully.
I might as well be a snake as a woman.
She ought to live with her folks.
We've got enough to take care of her.
My mother was a White, she said.
She looks like her mother, she announced, harshly.
She just set her eyes by your boarder.
what has come over you, Henry Whitman?
I ain't in a fog; I'm in pitch darkness.
He realized Rose's attractions.
All men are simply crazy over hair your color.
You had better drink this, dear.
Maybe that is fortunate for me, my neck is so thin.
Aren't you going to offer your mother some?
I don't think she knew when I went out.
You unfasten that corset-cover properly.
There, there, dear, mother knows all about it.
You remember he called here once.
Mother, it was for more than that.
You did not hear his voice, mother.
The time has come for you to listen and understand.
Your boarder hasn't insanity in his family, has he?
She slipped off her gown carefully over her head.
You haven't eaten enough to keep a sparrow alive.
If I had it now I'd be ready to throw it all up.
Why, Henry Whitman, it ain't true!
You would make her stay if she didn't want to?
Well, I don't care if they are wicked.
Can't you get it through your head, Sylvia?
It doesn't take a very long head to think so.
You ought to be ashamed of yourself.
Why didn't she speak in English?
Lucy Ayres is man-crazy, that's all.
I've known all about her for some time.
She just cuts her own nose off.
I have seen her making eyes, said she.
If folks want to be fools, let them.
You know what I told you the night I came.
Now you stop worrying, and wait a minute.
Young girls are always getting nervous kinks.
You don't need to work, and you know it.
He wondered if he smelled of leather.
Women don't understand a lot of things.
You don't think Rose will mind the leather smell?
I don't know but she looks as well as ever.
I rather guess Susy looks higher than that.
You've got two boarders, ain't you?
She takes after her grandmother White, don't she?
No, I ain't crazy, replied Sylvia, doggedly.
I've felt jest like it all day.
I ain't going to wait one minute.
Try walking and you won't think so.
Wouldn't she have you after Susy got married?
Aunt Sylvia, you aren't going like this!
Sylvia, you are as white as a sheet.
If you don't like to see my face, don't look at it.
Now look at here, both of you, she said.
I suppose lots of women do use such things.
Albion Bennet, I'm a lot older than you.
Now you can go on with your marrying.
MADEMOISELLE VIRE X. THE AMERICAN PRETENDER XI.
It's where the ancient Britons were sent.
It is just the result of your upbringing.
Don't they look nice, so Frenchy and foreign!
He's gone, and it was too dark to see his face.
People of that kind can do anything.
But you don't know where I came from, do you?
Hide me from her wrath, Monsieur.
Loosen her collar, and let her breathe.
Your aunt!--Your mother!--My charge!
I know I can't stand it much longer.
They pretend to be what they are not.
And you call yourselves _men_, and Frenchmen!
Why do you stand there mocking?
They must be an inferior breed.
Then why don't you sit up, sister?
Had it been too tiring for her?
Why, it must be the American pretender!
Don't look so scared, Lucy, she said.
Of course, your uncle is just splendid.
They can't help themselves, poor dears.
I would tell the bearer to darwaza band them.
Collectively, they're just a mob of Anglo-Indians.
Jack has made you nearly as bad as himself!
Recollect every one can see you from the Mall.
Lucindy your behaviour is scand'lus.
Go your own way since you must.
But I didn't know that there were men-dowds, too.
Now, you bad boy, listen to me.
Get the Government of India to take you over.
Polly, my man's going to disappoint me.
But you know what I mean I said.
Did you ever hear of anything so mad so absurd?
Last wreck of a feeble intellect!
Fancy being boarded up and dropped into that well!
The Man's Wife screamed, Oh, Frank, get off!
Things can't be as wrong as you say.
I hate you, and I hate Captain Kurrell.
Lift her up carefully, and now go!
You're only her husband, y'know.
I tell you it does began Kurrell shamelessly.
God knows I don't care what you do.
You must come out, and so must Kurrell.
Major Vansuythen would never know anything.
Tell your jhampanies not to hurry so, dear.
And for the last time, thank Heaven!
Have you ever seen a man hanged?
What a gruesome little woman it is this evening!
Like everything else of yours it's perfect.
Stop your jhampanies and get out.
Guy, have you ever made love to a girl a good girl?
You're sticking it into my head!
Do I look like a naughty woman!
Does that suit you, My Imperial Majesty?
I'll loot openly or not at all.
The moment I begin to object, you get angry.
It hurts as much as if you hit me.
Oh, Guy, let it die away and be forgotten!
What have I to do with Shigramitish women?
Put your things on, there's a good girl.
Elective affinities, I suppose both grubby.
He will be a sufficient punishment for her.
And yet, she has good eyes, but Oh!
Untidiness I can endure, but ignorance never!
All the women in Simla are fools.
Don't you know that type of man?
Does a boy ever notice these things?
I don't approve of boys being taken by faces.
I was Superior, crrrrushingly Superior!
And The Dowd is so disgustingly badly dressed.
That she, too, is capable of every iniquity?
He looked more objectionable than ever.
I'm useless I'm worse than useless!
Through her nose like this Ha-ow pahltry!
He was a rude man and a terrible.
That's where you make your mistake, my son.
My aunt, but he's a filthy sort of animal!
What blasted nuisances you are!
Private Dormer was certainly orrid bad.
Dormer's mouth shut with a click.
Rub my arm down, there's a good chap.
You ought to take shame for yourself, Conky!
I'll learn you to misname the likes of im.
IN THE MATTER OF A PRIVATE Hurrah!
Don't go playing the goat, Sim!
I tell you you're drivin me to it!
Come out and see me practiss on the rainge.
I ain't got no quarrel with you, Jerry Blazes.
Not before I've settled you an Jerry Blazes.
You sneakin', Sheeny butcher, you lie.
Ope you ain't urt badly, Sir, said Slane.
But this is childish and medheval nonsense!
Curious, very curious-and callow.
But he is a native and knows the facts.
No sane administrator would dream of such a thing.
To us there is but ONE disposer of life.
3. Because he LOVETH HIS COUNTRY.
He that is BRIBED, which is divisible into 1st.
5. Because he knoweth the candidate's cousin.
KINDLY COMMUNICATED BY OUR DOG TOBY.
it is a shameful thing to _dock_ us as they does.
I wonder whether she's narvous?
there's old Readypenny!--a willanous Tory.
COACHMAN.--Come up, you varmint!
(_Enter_ PUNCH.) PUNCH.--R-r-r-roo-to-tooit-tooit?
THE DOG TOBY.--Bow, wow, wow, wough, wough!
DOG TOBY.--R-r-r-r-r-r--wough--wough!
with that wooden head of yours!
PUNCH.--As a Tory, decidedly, sir.
PUNCH.--What a green chap you are, after all.
It's only a popular delusion, sir.
PUNCH.--No, but they'll give them cheap drink.
I know of no community but PUNCH and Co.
What a love of a child THE DEPUTATION.
If you think me worthy THE SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE.
Don't mention it I beg THE PUBLIC DINNER.
| to sustain the fame already BY THE SAME.
Portrait of Mary Mumblegums, | aged 170 years.
John Loftis Princeton University Numb.
_Do you bite your Thumb at Us, Sir?_ Samp.
If he has an Amour, it is with a Woman of Quality.
says he, _what an unlucky Dog was I!
Do you belong to him, all of you?
Wait till an English Sahib comes.
Do you know nothing of men at all, then?
She will earn gold every night.
he said, half laughing as he leant back to her.
No one is my wife now, nor ever will be, but you.
And what do you do all day, shut up by yourself?
A look of intense malevolence came over it.
You and she shall regret this, she said.
It is no wonder she is unhappy.
We are poor men; we have no fault at all.
is his plainest, most bitter reflection.
You would have made a good vivisector!
I go back to the boat: other Englishman want me.
There was no difficulty in getting her to pose.
would you know where your daughter hides?
You will overtake the Englishman.
let me twist it round your head--yes, so.
Is all the world the work of the devil?
A window above opened, and the old Jew looked out.
You shall not go back, they shall not touch you.
Have his riches any weight with you, Doolga?
Darling Silka, you will consent?
This is what I am giving to Doolga.
And you are the Druze child, Dilama?
I have lost favour with all men.
Your very loving friend, JOHN GARRET.
to which Drake answered Englishmen.
The number of wounded is not stated.
They racked one or two poor men until they died.
Let your skulking mates behind there come on too!
You'll not get to Panama this bout.
Get on to the savannah, you dogs, you cuckolds.
This man may have been the Spanish Indian.
John Roberts: Complete Cannoneer.
Well, are you thinking of thrashing the Russians?
Don't you laugh too soon, Jack.
What fools we have been, Jack, to be sure!
The French officer died during the night.
I hear that his lungs were pierced.
Jump on board, lads, jump on board!
Are you hit yourself, Mr. Archer?
I see em last night after we got back to camp.
They don't seem to have no common sense.
The Russians are coming on in force.
you haven't brought us here to poison us, have you?
What the deuce have you been doing to this soup?
What on earth are the French doing all this time?
I'll try, sir, if you like; I'm heavier.
Besides, we can help each other down below.
Fend her off with your legs, Jack; that's the way.
Not for some little time, Jack.
I couldn't begin till we drank that.
It is a convoy of wounded, Jack said.
A disagreeable brute, that, Jack said.
I wonder what sort of chap he is.
Why, he's not good enough to black her boots.
The incidents of your past career are notorious.
I will strike you, and he drew a step nearer.
You shall repent this, Count Smerskoff exclaimed.
Your master has enemies, Alexis.
I will slay him in the middle of his soldiers.
You are here to shrive a man about to die.
Thrown the governor out of the window!
No doubt there are plenty of them below.
Good-day, comrades, he said in Polish.
The Poles were in high spirits.
Put them all down as insurgents, the general said.
And so you speak Russian fluently now, Jack?
and what are you masquerading as a Cossack for?
Now she was loaded with sick from Kut.
but is used by the Arabs for Get on and hurry up.
Sweet promptly said Germans and gave a few details.
Died of disease, and missing, 803.
A gay and daring translation....
SANUMATI, _a nymph, friend of_ [S']AKOONTALA.
CHARIOTEER, FISHERMAN, OFFICERS, AND HERMITS.
[S']AKOONTALA; OR, THE LOST RING.
My movements are no longer under my own control.
Why, what has paralysed your limbs?
Your nonsense won't go down here, my fine fellow.
God of the flowery shafts [47]!
Your indisposition is really very serious.
You undervalue your own merits, dear [S']akoontala.
Do not hesitate to speak out, my good girl.
I will leave thee when-- [S']AKOONTALA.
[S']AKOONTALA tries to prevent him_.
This way, most venerable Gautami.
THE SAME VOICE BEHIND THE SCENES.
[[S']AKOONTALA _rises and puts them on_.
[_To_ PRIYAMVADA _and_ ANASUYA.
Daughter, thy fears are groundless.
[S']arngarava, speak to him no more.
[_Looks with anguish at_ GAUTAMI.
This altercation is idle, [S']arngarava.
[_Turning angrily towards her_.
[_Bowing to the_ SUPERINTENDENT.
Here's half the money for you, my masters.
[_Entering in a hurried manner, angrily_.
And you, Vatayana, may go about your own affairs.
The sight of her picture will refresh my soul.
Such weakness is unworthy of you.
He is going stark mad, I verily believe.
Hear me, then dull and undiscerning bauble!
drive off the impudent insect, will you?
A most polite way of warning him off!
Fear nothing-- THE SAME VOICE BEHIND THE SCENES.
ANOTHER VOICE BEHIND THE SCENES.
Prepare to die, for your time is come.
[_Pouts his under-lip in defiance_.
His contradiction only convinces me the more.
[_Falling at_ [S']AKOONTALA's _feet_.
[_All sit down in the presence of KA[S']YAPA_.
NOTES: 1. _I[S']a preserve you_.
_The inferior gods, I am aware, are jealous_.
_Evil demons are disturbing our sacrificial rites_.
_The very breath of his nostrils_.
_I see the moisture-loving Chatakas_.
_The purple self-existent god_.
That is, the soles of her feet.
ROUNDABOUT RAMBLERS IN LANDS OF FACT AND FANCY.
THE GRIFFIN AND THE MINOR CANON III.
THE PHILOPENA THE BEE-MAN OF ORN.
What are you doing here, you vile beggar?
He is no kind of a fellow, said the Very Imp.
My bees never sting babies, said the other.
THE GRIFFIN AND THE MINOR CANON.
What a funny little fellow you are!
I cannot imagine what put this idea into your head.
Seize him and drag him out, I beg of you.
Do you wish to be turned into crawling babies?
I must leave my little ones, and go to prison.
I don't want any of them executed.
It will be useless for you to resist, he said.
You stay here, and I'll go over and talk to him.
contemptuously remarked the Absolute Fool.
THE BOY EMIGRANTS, By Noah Brooks.
The mighty king, Meweens, is doomed.
And there Frakark lost her life.
EARLY PEDIGREE OF THE FRESKYNS.
FRESKYN I of Strabrock and Duffus, b.
| .--------------------+--------------------.
+------------------------------------+------------.
Crakaig, crooked bay, now drained.
Einar Oily-tongue; slew Havard jarl.
Einar Sigurdson, earl; his slaughter.
Maiming, made a Northman impossible.
Sigtrigg Silkbeard, king of Dublin.
Torf-Einar Ragnvaldson, earl; slew Halfdan Halegg.
CONTENTS THE FIGHT OFF CAPE ST.
Fight on there, every valiant soul, And, courage!
Not a Frenchman had missed his mark!
They could die, but they could not march or deploy.
he said to his lieutenant; I'm hanged if I do.
It will all be over with me soon.
I might have known it would be you, he said.
No one knows what the Dictator looks like.
You're thetaing all over the place.
Because I wanted to work close to the Dictator.
You don't have to be so obsequious, Ellaby.
Ellaby blinked more sweat from his eyes.
Don't bother finishing, she said.
You can clear out of here, Ellaby.
If he told them that, he probably named names.
He spent the next ten minutes being very ill.
Why did they have such a hard time in this country?
I am too much attracted to the old.
IN THE WAKE OF THE PH[OE]NIX: POEMS.
This mortal nevermore can lie To immortality.-- Oh!
Full of power, of ecstasy, of a fury of joy.
His work is above all things virile...
Yes, I said my name was Gipsy--G--I--P--S--Y.
Nothing in the least barbarous about you.
Why, you must have been to a fresh one every year!
Especially in only one's nightdress!
Mind you don't get pitched out of your bunk.
They're turning her about and putting her back!
All my valuable papers are gone, child!
You don't realize yet what that means.
You're never going to leave me behind!
That's not the question at all, Gipsy.
Gipsy, you're an Oliver Cromwell!
Don't stand any nonsense with the Third.
All the other societies are equally bad.
In the name of Liberty, I ask you!
Just you quit, and be quick about it, too!
Do you want to be turned out by brute force?
We'll stand no nonsense this time.
We can't allow this kind of thing!
Don't stand any nonsense from them!
You can sit down, Gipsy Latimer.
We won't be sat upon by a clique!
For President, I beg to nominate Gipsy Latimer.
We'll soon pull you up if you do, never fear!
She's absolutely forming herself on Gipsy.
Yourself not excepted, I suppose!
She's ready for any amount of fun.
So'd you be if you'd once tasted it, I guess.
I call it neglect of your education.
I'm not going to break any rules, said Gipsy.
You kids mind your own business!
Poppie didn't see your privileges!
I feel as if I were shut up in a box!
Did your headmistress ride too?
You'd never sit that wild thing!
You'd better not try to catch that creature, Gipsy.
It'll pretty soon kick her off if she does!
It was very naughty of you, you know, Gipsy dear!
Why, child, you're all trembling!
And serve you right too, for forgetting!
Gipsy Latimer, go back down the stairs!
Come along, you wild gipsy thing!
you never--you couldn't-- Oh, surely----!
Only three this afternoon, missy!
You must wear your thick one now.
Hadn't your mother any relations?
Mother was an American, from Texas, I believe.
It's much better to nail people.
We don't want her to feel uncomfortable.
She won't find that in a hurry!
Where's your atlas, Gipsy Latimer?
No, I'm not going to accept any excuses.
Look here, kiddie, you get on and tell us!
Then they're most enormously rich people.
What a set of sillies you all are!
She's not one half as nice as Gipsy.
I've made you as comfortable as I can here, child.
Oh, yes, heaps, as much as she likes to ask for.
I think she's too contemptible for words.
You'd like us to put your name down, wouldn't you?
Serves you right, Leonora Parker!
It will be a surprise for her later on.
As long as she's fair, that's all I care about.
We look like a set of grinning imbeciles!
I don't like these foreign ways.
I rue the day she came into our dormitory.
You want to try yourself, I suppose!
Wouldn't you like to use the rope?
You'd do Gipsy no good, I'm afraid.
So it's you, Gipsy Latimer, is it?
I might have known it would be you.
Oh, Gipsy, we're all so sorry for you!
I'm off too, then, returned Gipsy.
But I tell you I won't be taken!
Surname Latimer, Christian name Gipsy.
Eyes brown, complexion dark, hair brown.
You naughty, foolish, foolish girl!
Best go back where you've come from, she remarked.
Your own folks are the best to look after you.
You're rather juvenile for the job, ain't you?
Shielding herself at your expense!
And disgustingly mean of you, too!
I'm sick of Briarcroft and its strict rules.
She didn't even tell you she was sorry, Gipsy!
Poppie's pet won't be expelled, no fear!
You've not begged Gipsy's pardon yet.
Will that suit you, little woman?
answered Gipsy, with a sigh of ecstasy.
OF THE ENTRANCE TO BORG OGNISSANTI.
SIXTEENTH CAR, OF PLUTO AND OF PROSERPINE.
Out with the oars, boys--be smart!
A moment later and the hut was filled with natives.
The word means fire, and ain't a bad one after all!
It is sufficient to say that many lives were lost.
D'ye think I've kilt him intirely, doctor dear?
Almost mad with rage, Will Osten rushed at him.
PUTTING ON AND TAKING OFF BOXES.
SPECULATORS SUPPORTED LONG ENOUGH.
PREFIX OF PATENT A BAD RECOMMENDATION.
IGNORANCE OF OFFICERS AND COMMITTEES.
I will guess that they starved.
OLD BREEDING CELLS WILL LAST A LONG TIME.
CELLS LARGER THAN NECESSARY AT FIRST.
BEST TO USE OLD COMBS AS LONG AS THEY WILL ANSWER.
PRINCIPLE OF SWARMING NOT UNDERSTOOD.
INSTINCTS OF THE BEE ALWAYS THE SAME.
CORRECT SIZE BETWEEN TWO EXTREMES.
2,000 INCHES SAFE FOR THIS SECTION.
TIME FROM THE EGG TO THE PERFECT BEE.
A TEST FOR THE PRESENCE OF A QUEEN.
4_ when a queen has been perfected and left.
NECESSITY FOR FURTHER OBSERVATION.
To find the queen, paralyze with puff-ball, &c.
ARE NOT BEES AN ADVANTAGE TO VEGETATION?
A TEST FOR THE PRESENCE OF QUEEN DOUBTED.
LONG CELLS SOMETIMES TURNED UPWARD.
BEST TIME TO WITNESS COMB-MAKING.
WATER NECESSARY TO COMB-MAKING.
IS IT AN ELABORATE OR NATURAL SUBSTANCE?
CHANGING STAND ATTENDED WITH LOSS.
ROBBING USUALLY COMMENCES ON A WARM DAY.
This, by the way, is another good test of robbing.
FEEDING TO INDUCE EARLY SWARMS.
Armed with this weapon, you can proceed.
OBJECTIONS TO SUSPENDED BOTTOM-BOARD.
INSUFFICIENCY OF INCLINED BOTTOM-BOARD.
WHEN TO TAKE OFF BOXES PART FULL.
TOBACCO SMOKE PREFERRED TO SLIDES.
At the end of the season take all off.
APT TO BE DECEIVED ABOUT THE WORMS.
You, reader, are just the person.
REQUISITES BEFORE PREPARATION OF QUEEN'S CELLS.
STATE OF QUEEN'S CELL WHEN USED.
BOTH OLD AND YOUNG LEAVE WITH SWARMS.
Old and young come out promiscuously.
WHEN THEY CANNOT BE SHAKEN OFF.
PROTECTION FROM THE SUN NECESSARY.
TWO OR MORE SWARMS LIABLE TO UNITE.
PREVENTING A SWARM ISSUING FOR A TIME.
BOXES FOR DOUBLE SWARMS IMMEDIATELY.
LIABILITY TO ENTER WRONG STOCKS.
MAY ALWAYS BE HEARD BEFORE AND AFTER SWARM.
A RULE FOR THE TIME OF THESE ISSUES.
WHEN IT IS USELESS TO EXPECT MORE SWARMS.
RETURNING AFTER SWARMS TO THE OLD STOCK.
OF SWARMS THAT LOSE THEIR QUEEN.
When they want one queen, they raise half a dozen.
OBTAINING A QUEEN FROM WORKER BROOD.
NATURAL AND ARTIFICIAL SWARMS EQUALLY PROSPEROUS.
IS THE AGE OF THE QUEEN IMPORTANT?
STOCKS PRUNED NOW ARE BETTER FOR WINTER.
A PERSON'S BREATH OFFENSIVE, AND OTHER CAUSES.
KING-BIRD--ONE WORD IN HIS FAVOR.
WHEN THEY GROW LARGER THAN USUAL.
STOCKS MORE LIABLE TO BE DESTROYED LAST OF SUMMER.
STRONG STOCKS DISPOSED TO PLUNDER.
CAUSE OF THEIR SUPERIOR THRIFT.
FROST AND ICE SOMETIMES SMOTHER BEES.
I said that small families exhaled but little.
NOT TOO MANY STOCKS TAKEN OUT AT ONCE.
SNOW NEED NOT ALWAYS PREVENT CARRYING OUT BEES.
BUT LITTLE RISK WITH GOOD STOCKS.
STOCKS TO BE PROTECTED ON SOME OCCASIONS.
ARE NOT BEES DIRECTED ALONE BY INSTINCT?
WHY THE WORD LUCK IS APPLIED TO BEES.
OLD STOCKS ARE GOOD AS ANY, IF HEALTHY.
CAUTION RESPECTING DISEASED BROOD.
MODERATE WEATHER BEST TO REMOVE BEES.
Sorry, he said condescendingly.
You misunderstand me, commodore, he said coldly.
They don't have the right outlook.
You cut off both feet, one hand, and his head.
His eyes had been removed long before.
There was cold hatred in his voice.
You have seen what the stuff will do.
Did you ever cut cheese with a wire?
There are 12,000 Orientals in Vancouver.
The Mormon menace is appalling.
There are ten millions of Buddhists in Burma.
The men especially have been unreached.
3. PRINCELY MEN IN THE HEAVENLY KINGDOM.
4. SUNRISE IN THE SUNRISE KINGDOM.
6. DAYBREAK IN THE DARK CONTINENT.
MOSQUITOES OF THE FAR NORTH XVII.
IMPRISONED BY AN ICEBERG XVIII.
What a gammy old croaker you are.
I'm going to round up, right alongside.
Why don't you emigrate to the States?
It's worse than that, replied White.
Did you miss the train after all?
I don't know, replied White, bitterly.
They will say yours, or your mother's, of course.
I'm going to stay and face the music.
Ze material mus all ze same be remof.
What are you doing here, you French beggars?
And I will not allow it removed.
Whenever I feel abused I'll let you know.
Do you want to heave to and let them overhaul us?
They have given it up, old man, and we are safe.
I say, White, come up here quick!
And we did the same by you, laughed White.
Your skin must be thicker than sole leather.
FIRST ENCOUNTER WITH THE NATIVES.
Get tea, sugar, plenty, eat heap, you understand?
I am glad you only spoke, remarked White.
Oh, clear out, you grinning baboon, growled Cabot.
No. What are the Indians doing?
You are really human after all!
No; I am sound as a nut, replied White.
But of course you must have some, White.
AN ELECTRICIAN IN THE WILDERNESS.
Are you wounded, or just naturally ill?
Why are you masquerading as a man-wolf?
Good-night, good-bye, God bless you!
Cabot, are you crazy, or what do you mean?
You can't even smell the smoke in this chapter.
Scare the life out of me with clubs and forearms?
I said to myself; wake me early, mother dear.
all of a sudden I went kerflop off the barrel.
Wake up, your country needs you.
You're a raving Raven, Westy began, laughing.
Anyway, I'm not going to be a quitter.
We're here because we're here, you can't deny that!
But they can't come any of that business up here.
The man said, Taint youster; _'tis_.
Oh, but he's a reckless boy--not.
If they don't know they can't come, can they?
He even breaks the rules, I said.
_RIDGEBORO RIDGEBORO_ TEN CENTS.
You look too sweet for anything, Westy told him.
Oh, _isn't_ he just too _cute_ for _anything_!
Get up, you're blocking the traffic, I said.
Scouts can do everything like that.
Oh, aren't you _perfectly terrible_!
A scout has to be full of that, see?
Perish, he said; don't you know what perish means?
I did, anyway; I screamed till I had a headache.
You think you're smart, all of you, don't you!
You'll be the one to make _us_ sick, Westy put in.
He didn't care about anything, I guess.
I wonder what became of the ch--ch--ch--icken!
You've done mischief enough for one day.
It's good they don't have any traffic cops here.
Yez are blockin up the road, yez are.
Yez are a pretty fresh lot, ain't yez?
And you're a couple of crazy fools, too.
You'll only make it worse for yourselves.
_Steal a Pierce-Arrow!_ You make me laugh.
You couldn't even get away with a Ford.
Go ahead, run, he said; it won't do you any good.
Sink this car in the lake if you want to.
I bet it belongs to a rich millionaire.
It won't be hard, with their pictures.
I'll never forget Buffalo, 398 Mls.
She doesn't stop here, does she?
Reg'lar private car, you kids got, he said.
A mile isn't fast, you crazy Indian!
Look out you don't fall, Kid, I told him.
Telling your patrol leader to shut up, are you?
Are you game to climb up on the car?
Get the sheet and the rope, quick.
You never saw him back down, did you?
We've got her eating out of our hands.
P-f-f-f-f-f-f, the locomotive went.
I took one look and _g--o--o--d_ night!
I suppose that's the skiddo special.
Probably we'll be dumped off a cliff.
The pleasure is mine, I told him.
Oh, boys, where do we go from here?
The big fancy doll said, You're welcome.
There were all kinds of people in that crowd.
Shut up, you're the worst of the lot!
He's supposed to be tender, see?
If you've got any kick, go to the railroad.
It's you that happens to be here, not these boys.
Flopped by the only original Boy Scout flopper!
None genuine unless stamped BE PREPARED!
They MELT in your MOUTH!_ Good night!
I said, Is this your last load?
None genuine_---- and so on, and so on.
Neber said nuffin truer in all yo born days!
said someone outside, laughing heartily.
Some of em went to the police station.
But they are sons of an anarchist!
They are anarchists themselves!
I am Detective Ducket, of Scotland Yard!
I command you to stay here until help comes.
The rest of you might as well go to your bunks.
It'll put de evil eye on yo', suah!
Think of having a price on our heads!
Good please Mr. Satan fish, take some one else.
We's all goin to be devoured alibe!
He looks like he could, said the colored man.
Look ahead, an you can't see nothin!
They're going to fight up here!
I'm not slowin down, replied the colored man.
The leak must have been a bad one.
You will find the air a little fresher down there.
Fust I know I'll be a perfessor myself!
Crossing the line makes no difference.
We must get him out quickly or he will die!
You know South America is a great place for them.
I'll bet she's been laying eggs!
The natives are going to attack the ship!
Shut the door of the conning tower!
What do you mean by firing on me?
We's gwine t Mars Davy Jones's locker, suah!
The ship is steel, went on the boy.
TALES AND NOVELS OF J. DE LA FONTAINE .......
THE Gascon was--a Gascon;--would you more?
let a person die her charms could save!
less might well suffice; A paltry knave!
and to admit A fellow, only for the gallows fit!
For such a thing, are we the worse a hair?
Just fifteen minutes, I no more desire: What!
But why this silence?--not a word you say!
Sure worse below the devil never knew!
Look, could she e'er her lover in the face?
CAMILLUS No, no, be more at ease; Come into bed.
What, cried the abbess, dares she still to sneer?
THIS principle allowed, why scruples make?
Shall I be mother to a one-eared child?
O DIRE corruption, age of wretched ways!
Perhaps still less: she might not be so nice.
I never heard such lies before!
Twere better far for her to die!
A flea is in her ear, tis said.
What's the use Of all your scolding and abuse?
PG EDITOR'S BOOKMARKS: A pretty wife?
BEHIND THE COMMANDANT'S DOOR IV.
WESTWARD X. I WAKE A SLEEPER XI.
IN WHICH I USE OPPORTUNITY XIX.
I turned away somewhat sickened.
My hare is still at large, he confessed.
I grew as laconic as the Huron.
The Huron is waiting for your answer.
They have bound the Englishman!
Will monsieur turn pupil to learn swaggering?
Do you think you are running from the Iroquois?
But we will shut you out of the country yet.
Are you willing to be judged by your own?
Yet, in truth, your face is longer.
There are Indian women in plenty.
But are there no white families in the settlement?
He tried to resist, but I am strong.
It will mean failure to you--to your people.
I have no liking for white meat broth myself.
I was forced to approve my man's taste.
I mean that; you are no longer man of mine.
I caught the spear, and cursed myself for a fool.
You have not blinded these people.
Good God, man, you are worse than the Iroquois!
Then he pulled me back into the room.
To starve or be eaten by wolves!
Now it is your turn to play the child.
I am not doing this for France, I cried irritably.
He is bitter of tongue, and, I think, a spy.
I pressed him to a chair, and stood over him.
Wait, wait, monsieur, I have not said all!
You said--you said that I had to die.
Let us discuss this like sane men!
I was not at the bottom of him yet.
You said we were foes, and we are.
Monsieur Starling, wake up to this situation.
What does it matter what you are, or what I think?
I pushed him within, and closed the door.
My neck, where I am not sunburned, is very white.
And in case you still live, monsieur, he corrected.
And one does not hate an inferior.
And you sit here doing nothing!
she cried, quite as a white girl might have done.
Why try to teach decency to a barnyard brood!
His fingers were warm, and his touch tingled.
I dropped my hand from his mouth.
Gesture, and roll of the head, he was an Indian.
I dropped the priest, and gripped the Englishman.
You are a logician, I said bitterly.
Was there a coward streak in him, after all?
But no one sees you but the Indians.
Monsieur, do you like to wear a squaw's dress?
Monsieur, it could not have been a real Indian.
Why did a Huron dog us in this fashion?
You are less cynical than your wont, monsieur.
May I say that I like it better in you?
Therefore I must be harsh with you.
There must be no woman in the camp.
And I cannot forget you are a woman.
I must let the men know that you are a woman.
Spare your scorn, mademoiselle.
Oh, monsieur, I have not the courage!
Then--then--monsieur, I give you warning.
Yes, I threaten you, in that I shall do what I say.
Monsieur, the Iroquois are allies of the English.
Otherwise--I have warned you, monsieur.
That is a coward's threat, I said contemptuously.
Sit with me a little longer, monsieur, she begged.
Have you a woman's heart, I wonder?
A Huron is in the woods, he said indifferently.
When a Huron comes, you will soon see the French.
No, monsieur, you must not follow me.
I am not quite a brute, I said.
Look, look, mademoiselle, it is all over.
He could not track me, monsieur.
Do you want him to find you, mademoiselle?
She watched me straighten the kinks in the wire.
I grasped my knife and whirled.
I lit my pipe and let her work it out.
I could feel her quick breathing.
I laid a hand on her wet blankets.
I saw her look at me once, and look away.
That was not a scratch, monsieur.
I think that you know what I mean, She said.
I could feel her other hand stray toward me.
We shall both sleep now, madame.
My serenity has not been calculated.
To the Winnebagoes,--to another tribe of Indians!
You are giving her a hard life.
I asked, with my lips on her hand.
Upon the English if they venture near.
He hates you if you humbled him.
He would not dare harm a Frenchman, madame.
Men say that it does, monsieur.
I heard them melt, melt into nothing.
He did it with his glance hard on me.
A woman was between us, and I knew no mercy.
Then you would have been a double coward.
You think to reinstate yourself?
No, you shall not see my wife, monsieur.
I shall sit here till you move, monsieur.
There was sweat on your forehead.
I will let you go when you tell me the truth.
Where are your Indians that Cadillac sent with you?
The Indians wanted prisoners, not scalps.
Your men were cowards, he muttered.
So a coward could despise a coward!
Is there a slur in that remark, monsieur?
Monsieur, this is wanton insult.
Pemaou would not dare harm the woman.
Monsieur de Montlivet, you know Indians.
I fingered my pipe and bit hard at its stem.
He had the woman captured and brought to camp.
I see that I wronged you, monsieur.
Remember, she has kissed me, monsieur.
What do you know of her kisses?
You evidently married my cousin for convenience.
A leering Iroquois stood over me.
He spoke to me in French, but I was deaf.
He was unbound and mingling with the Indians.
Pemaou was capable of tricking a confederate.
They say the Frenchman, Montlivet, can do that.
The stupefying simplicity of it!
The Iroquois league was a scourge, a pestilence.
To feel the righteous disdain of an Indian!
You have sold yourself to the Iroquois wolf.
After all, it is only what the Englishman has said.
Monsieur, would you like to see your wife?
Your wife is a queenly woman, monsieur.
From a defiant boy to a court lady!
You forget that I know nothing.
You were an ardent suitor, monsieur.
I put the chair aside and stood over her.
You were needlessly cruel, monsieur.
When you are at leisure, come to my room.
Monsieur Cadillac is waiting for you.
There are never signs till the uprising is on us.
We shall have some scalps first.
With hate in my throat I tried to speak justly.
He has an intelligent mind, but a coward's spirit.
I tell you, you are more a fool than I ever knew.
So I must keep away from the woman.
Go in front of me, I told the Huron.
You think you can overpower us.
If we are to have war, you must begin it.
The commandant is a fool; I cannot talk to him.
You were different even three days ago.
Some influence has worked on you here.
Carry my name and do what you will.
You are a strange woman, I said at length.
I put my head back, and breathed hard.
Cadillac does not know one Indian from another.
Montlivet, you cannot understand.
I shall lead the allied force of Indians, monsieur.
No Frenchman's life will be safe.
You are an old man in knowledge, I am a child.
What did it matter if these Indians died!
A great spear had torn through his chest.
And then he found strength to try to push me away.
As well rage at the forces that made him.
I bound him till he was rigid and helpless.
Shall I send Indians with you, too?
When my man calls me I shall go.
And I would have no further words.
I am going out now with Indian trailers.
You are planning a dictatorship.
Montlivet, have you turned priest--or coward?
Do you dare to try and tell me that war is wrong?
He died trying to send me to you.
They found the Indian woman this morning, he said.
Montlivet, one word with your wife first.
I have lived in Indian camps, monsieur.
These chiefs that you see are leaving.
He was not a coward at the last, madame.
I stopped and forced myself to look at her.
I had never seen her look like that.
You do not understand, after all.
You have been gay,--gay at all times.
Monsieur, monsieur, now will you touch my hand?
Madame, you do not know what you are saying.
I have not forgiven you, monsieur.
And then I laid my lips on hers.
She was my own, and I had her there alive.
I wonder if you can understand.
I like to see them act like children.
Oh, you dear papa, I am so tired, so tired!
Good-by, mamma, by, mamma, by, mamma; So up we go!
Good-by, mamma, So early in the evening!
Me do them good; me do them cheap.
officer, or get out of the service!
Gentlemen, our job has been cut out for us.
Look at the work of Sergeant Mock, will you?
But I want you to stop picking on me.
And if I don't he'll break me, eh?
What's the matter, Mock, don't you like your food?
He's no better than any one else!
That's as healthy a doughboy foot as I've seen.
A doughboy is an infantry soldier.
Tugging his sock on, Mock merely mumbled.
That's enough of this, Mock, he called.
Fix your bayonets, Greg ordered.
Will he do anything more to you?
Don't do anything rash, Cartwright.
Dobson, you be the fleeing enemy this time.
I therefore take this opportunity to rebuke him.
I'd have to be sure you had the nerve.
You're a quitter, I guess, jeered the other.
A German and a German sympathizer!
Did you hear what they said to me?
Oh, I'm sure sick of being in this man's army!
Him an his talk about deserting to the enemy!
Soldiers are like other people in that respect.
Look at that now---the pair of traitors!
On the ground is a good place for you!
What is the matter with you two?
Are you men, or are you dish-rags?
I'm going to fight if I'm told to.
I'm going to do whatever Uncle Sam wants me to do.
The men are doing first-rate for new men.
And I'm glad I'm down here, Prescott retorted.
CHAPTER XII THE BEST OF DETAILS Boom!
French soldiers were becoming more numerous.
My general, you were not hurt by that bomb?
We will now help you to black up.
This trench is no longer German!
It is your last chance for life.
I am neither spy nor traitor, my general!
Since you are a German I can understand anything.
Then bombs fell fast, all along the line.
Threw him with an old football tackle.
And you have no blanket if you sleep by yourself.
For I am a Frenchman and hate only Germans.
I have just escaped from the Germans.
Now it is an office for the Prussians.
They are a guard to keep us afraid.
Tom asked, his lips at his chum's ear.
Sink or swim---but never say die!
Now comes the really ticklish work of the night!
That's the Worst Case I Ever Saw!
Gee, but Didn't That Russian Talk Kopec and Damski.
Pa Rode Out of Town and Rode All Night.
Bolivar Swatted Pa Clear Across the Ring.
Here, Mr. Confederate, I Am not a Union Prisoner.
The Camel Kicked an Arab Off a Rug.
I Will Search for the Wildest of Red Men.
Gee, but he is as long as a clothesline.
The look he gave me was enough to freeze water.
Gee, but the giant is a coward.
Pa said Well, wouldn't that skin you.
There is no tail on your monkey.
Then you ought to have seen what they did to me.
Pa was the only one that kicked.
You don't mean to rob them, do you?
So it is no wonder to me that the mule kicks.
They are now recognized to be purely Semitic.
If he be a plebeian, he shall return tenfold.
Further, the comrade shall not marry the girl.
This was of course a form of retaliation.
The judges return Damiktum to Mazabatum.
As a hero, the son of his god, let him be pure.
The husband had to maintain her.
Indeed, some deeds are Semitic only.
If so, he shall pay twelvefold.
Perhaps they were for breeding.
If they die or run away, the loss shall be D's.
As long as she lives, she shall serve her.
The year after the king devastated Kimash.
Now I will send Tummumu himself to thee.
If they come not to Babylon, do this in my name.
The messengers of Arzabia said, ...
Peace to thy gods and goddesses.
In one year the gods cut them off.
Presently the rash (?) will disappear.
The governor has gone to Babylon.
Like a charging bull, I bore down my enemies.
May he place his enemy over him.
M284 Vicarious punishment 165  116, 210, 230.
M320 Adultery and its punishment 248  129.
I'm kinda curious about what's down there m'self.
He's done for, too--no, by God, he isn't!
And why did they do this to you?
You see, one's feelings can change, Sarge.
They tried to make it look like an Indian job.
Hang it, can't you see where I stand?
Why the devil don't you quit the job?
I reverted to Lyn and her affairs.
You lie when you say that, and you know you lie.
Probably they'd cut me, and all that sort of thing.
Come on over to the bull-pen, he invited cordially.
You know what this is, don't you?
That isn't all, he continued moodily.
Hicks might, if you went at him hard enough.
If that stuff is there, it will keep.
Stand behind me, you confounded unbeliever.
Did the black hurt you when he fell?
Bruised my leg some, he returned indifferently.
I'm feeling pretty vacant inside.
Confound them, I wish----Aha, by Jupiter!
Night, black as the bottomless pit, walled us in.
Gone to freighting in your old age?
Not what yuh could notice, I ain't, he snorted.
Catch _me_ whackin bulls for a livin!
You go on to Benton, like a good girl.
And we'll wait here for you unless they jump us up.
Oh, he painted us good and black, I tell you.
Anyway, you'll soon know; he's turning.
Or are they lookin for you fellers?
They ain't seen hide nor hair uh her since.
Aw, don't stand starin at me thataway.
Lessard put Bevans on your trail, Flood.
You're white, if you did get off wrong.
We'll ke--ep these Round--heads down!
A rank animal odor mingled with the taint of smoke.
Like as not she'd be the first one t get hurt.
I know where there's a good place to get down.
Hicks was gone, and likely to keep going.
I dunno what you're drivin at, Hicks dissembled.
You'll get what's coming to you.
Aha, I told yuh, he cried exultantly.
When we vanish in the smoke we'll take you with us.
Tis you speak, that's your error.
Too far above my people--beneath me!
You need not clap your torches to my face.
I could not paint all night-- Ouf!
Have you noticed, now, Your cullion's hanging face?
I!-- Mazed, motionless and moonstruck--I'm the man!
Your hand, sir, and good-bye: no lights, no lights!
My works are nearer heaven, but I sit here.
Live for fame, side by side with Agnolo!
Ah, but what does he, The Cousin!
Black-- T was ever antique-black I meant!
100 Evil and brief hath been my pilgrimage.
Else I give the Pope My villas!
So, you despise me, Mr. Gigadibs.
Best be yourself, imperial, plain and true!
slabbed marble, what a bath it makes!
Admire me as these may, You don't.
Once own the use of faith, I'll find you faith.
Blougram concerns me naught, born here or there.
650 It were the seeing him, no flesh shall dare.
Prolong that battle through his life!
Experimentalize on sacred things!
T is there I'm on the watch for you.
What's your reward, self-abnegating friend?
I had dropped a lighted match on the bed.
Covey was a poor white and a farm renter.
It was tough for a green boy, but it seasoned him.
You have learned nothing until you are _sure_.
I am acting under such a temperament as that.
Ain't you getting about tired of it?
Now I'm a friend of you boys, ain't I?
The business men insulting the judge in his Club!
He led me into a quiet side room and shut the door.
You'll find you're making a mistake.
Too bad you didn't take that money, he said.
Expert treason, bold and skilful!
Even mild-mannered men called each other names.
A third part died of smallpox on the way.
The Lord keep us in this dark day!
Worse still, he was losing his good name.
And now you tell me he's to be canned.
It's a good thing for you that you kept your head.
As you know, he's a sick man, a very sick man.
Well, that's what lots of the sharps call you.
You don't think you know it all.
I didn't dream you were so shrewd and discerning.
I've got your number, and you know it.
It's plain your sympathy is with the Federals.
If he isn't hanged some day it won't be his fault.
Give me another like that, you little wart!
And I threw him another slow, straight one.
The world is congested with doubters.
I wish you luck, replied Lefty.
I'll give you a chance to see him sagaciate to-day.
I'd like to give him the once over.
Puta the ball over, Left, he pleaded.
Swat it on der trade-mark an clean der sacks.
Dis Lefty boy don't seem such a much.
Put one acrost, pal, an I'll tear der cover off.
Dis Lefty person looks to me like a lemon!
Calm yourself, cap'n, he advised.
You are a base deceiver, Lefty.
He's simply laughing himself sick.
I love to see a man enjoy himself so diabolically.
Then they won't look at you, my happy friend.
Your arm is gone, Locke, and you know it.
You are using language you'll regret!
Turning back, Lefty's eyes followed Jones.
Perhaps he can't keep it up, said Lefty.
You'll be high and dry in a minute.
I cajole with you most deprecatingly.
You can't be sure about that, returned Lefty.
What do you think about it yourself, Lefty?
Accept the offer the Federals have made you.
A train carried Lefty north that night.
T'ink I'll tell youse, old boy.
But then Texas is a big bunch o the map.
I didn't expect to run across you here, old man.
I knew you'd beat me to it, Lefty, he said.
Never heard of such criminal folly!
Decided to have my talk with Lefty first.
Push it at him, and we'll make him sign.
Now don't make a growl, but do as you're wanted.
This time, Lefty, I'm out of the game for good.
Then I'll have to run him down, considered Lefty.
No way-- No way under heaven, take it from me!
You'll get the kicks and the curses.
It was even said he'd gone crazy.
He advised you to--The infernal old scoundrel!
As to that, time will tell, said Lefty.
You don't even know that King's leg is all right.
Frazer wanted Brock, and wanted him bad.
The Feds got after him, and I had to make it that.
You're a regular mule, aren't you?
You won't even meet me halfway, confound you!
What are you two ginks cooking up?
We're going up to make out the papers now.
You've got bats in your belfry!
Why, you've gone clean off your nut!
Don't try to tell me my business.
Allow me a moment to subdue my emotions.
demanded the belligerent individual.
You'd better chase yourself sudden.
You can't put anything like that over on me.
Even Mit Skullen will have the laugh on me.
Wouldn't it congeal your pedal extremities!
Mit's face wore a leering grin.
You've got stung good and proper.
So you would have ducked me, would you?
Hang you for an ungrateful reprobate!
Weegman conceived it, replied Lefty.
Apparently that man is Parlmee.
You'll return, better than ever.
You know what a feud like that means.
You're a wise gazabo, ain't you?
The southpaw laughed in his face.
You fooled yourself that time, Garrity.
Don't tell me what's proper to do!
I had no intention of letting you dictate to me.
You think you're a clever crook.
Weegman snapped his fingers in Locke's face.
Lefty Locke, he mumbled huskily.
He was grinning viciously, triumphantly.
You're welcome to that piece of cheese.
Some baseball manager, that's what you are!
Wasn't he a mut to walk right into this?
And he had been knocked out by him!
Bill went down, knocked senseless.
What are you tryin to put across, bo?
You never were in here before in your life.
Tryin to give my place a bad name?
Nothin like what you say ever happened around here.
You cleaned up in a hurry, said Lefty.
They didn't do you much damage, did they?
This was too much for the southpaw.
It isn't comedy; it's tragedy, Lefty.
I have told him that he is a fool.
Apprehension percheth upon me, Lefty.
He ordered me to keep away from you.
When I found that out I was mad as blazes.
You know what that means for you.
You're just about as trustworthy as a rattlesnake.
You've thrown away your last chance!
You're the fool, Weegman, returned the southpaw.
I'll call in my lawyers, he said.
Garrity rose, his face purple with wrath.
Jordan, a bit unsteady, bored him in the ribs.
Bluff won't mend a busted wing, old boy!
You have your nerve to come to me!
You swore away my liberty, you dog!
Now you have brought justice upon yourself.
6. THE MAKING OF A BIG LEAGUER.
9. LEFTY LOCKE, PITCHER-MANAGER.
I think it was the devil himself.
But there will be none of that, my young whelp!
are you, too, trifling with newspapers!
He must have had too much to drink.
In particular, he was always attacking Trofast.
See what a great big, fine fellow he is.
They shall have their well-merited punishment.
Yours very truly, LAURITZ BOLDEMANN SEEHUS.
Pooh, boys, that was dancing, that was!
Out of the way with these long-shanked flamingoes!
I must stop, for I am growing so angry.
THE PLAY ITS QUALITIES ITS ACTION III.
They are coming, the little sheep.
YNIOLD Where are they going?--Shepherd!
I can no longer see the sky through your locks....
You will feel it in your face....
no, no, not your hand, it might slip....
They always weep in the dark....
They kiss each other sometimes?
No, papa, they do not close their eyes....
Why, what are you afraid of?--look!
I am going to cry, papa!--let me down!
insists Yniold, in nameless terror.
Golaud enters, ferocious and distraught.
I will not have you touch me, do you understand?
They are more than innocent!...
Right, left!--Left, right!--Absalom!
you see, I laugh already like an imbecile!
Their love-scene is harshly interrupted.
If you are afraid, he will go away.
she says; why does he not come to me?
I shall die here like a blind man!
She must live, now, in her place.
And where does poor grandmamma live?
What are you looking for, goody?
I, said the Fly, With my little eye, I saw him die.
ARBITRATION AND WAGE-FIXING IN AUSTRALIA.
WORKS COUNCILS IN THE UNITED STATES.
SUMMARY OF RESEARCH REPORTS NOS.
4, 7, 12, 16 AND 18, WITH ADDITIONAL MATERIAL.
But what must they do then, seignior?
says the Spaniard very calmly, and smiling.
I no makee Him angry--I no do bad wicked thing.
DIED, on board U.S. Corvette Levant, Lat.
They will have their wish, like him.
There were two Texan officers at the table.
No wonder De Balzac died of heart-disease!
O mothers, ye do make us what ye please!
He found it hard work to gratify these desires.
Thee'd best take her in, Andrew.
H'ist me up her basket here, then.
Innocent as a staggerin calf, that old chap!
says I. Put it to him strong, that way.
It's not victual he's livin on, this day.
Women are the Devil for nerves.
No. Thee'd best go to sleep, lad.
It's yours now, Mr. Starke, d y understand?
I do not need anything, my good boy.
Jest as prim an sober as you see.
He eat nothin then: I seen that.
Sleep your thick sleep, and go your drowsy way!
It is the gay confidence of youth.
ADDRESSED TO ANDREW JACKSON BROWN.
Only I really think I nailed the beggar.
Certainly--to get another burro.
I'll call your bluff, she challenged.
We'll see if you're four-flushing.
Only another Apache can do that.
Now's your chance to quit--your last chance.
Look ahead, Miss Farley--all bare and open!
An Indian can lope along all day, like a coyote.
The other had been emptied into Lennon's face.
With your hand useless, we can't fight.
If you'd leave me here--I'm only a drag.
I know now for sure you're a man, a real man!
If they are at all like you, Carmena!
Only---- You'll learn all too soon!
You have risked your own life just to save mine.
And get the rest of the bunch down on us!
They kiss each other--sometimes.
Why hasn't she taken you and your Dad?
Mena's were even rawer--awful bad.
She says that's all it's good for.
Haven't you any sense any more, Cochise?
You had your chance and missed it.
Now, is it fight, or do you back up?
The others must have died of thirst.
And was all the brown of her skin on the outside?
Isn't she just too sweet for anything!
You mean he's your man--tips you off--all that?
You swap my woman for him, I let him go now.
Maybe you'll let him go anyway, _amigo_.
Like the Indians, Elsie is still scared of them.
Slade laughs at Indian spirits.
That's a Federal penitentiary offense!
The stones will double the destruction.
So's you'd get mad and fight Cochise, of course.
Quite in keeping with the burro.
Why, cause you couldn't fight, of course.
He was very white and shaky but rational.
Watch your bad arm, Mr. Lennon, she advised.
Slade doesn't enjoy being made to wait.
But you heard what your daughter said.
Good thing for us your bark's worse'n your bite.
Can you wonder I think he's a man for us to tie to?
He's beginning to bristle up even to you.
Pulled his knife on me, did he?
She sure got that tenderfoot roped mighty slick.
But at least he's not an Indian, Mena says.
I am going to keep you--always.
What are you doing, Jack Lennon?
Oh, Mena, please, please don't be cross with Jack!
Merely knocked out--worse luck!
Bad as he is, he's a white man.
When he tired of Blossom, he'd give her to his men.
Loosen your clothes, she whispered in Lennon's ear.
I'm going back to bed to sleep it off.
I will come back and take you away.
The sooner they leave the better.
You act like an old-timer on a gold stampede.
You must figger I'm plumb loco.
She did not belong and never would.
Have you--what do you call it?--gone loco?
You will now apologize for that term you used.
The look in his eye was unmistakable.
We'll see what Cochise can do to make you behave.
You're one of these here science sharps, he jeered.
Why split the twenty with a dam Apache?
I'd a give him Carmena quick enough....
The big missile grazed past the dodger.
You and my Cookie Gal better hustle up some feed.
Don't figger I want _you_ any more, do you?
Looks like they plugged you pretty bad.
Oh, you can't--you can't be so heartless!
Guess you wish you hadn't, he jeered.
As he lived, so he had died--futilely.
Think you can bribe me, do you?
He seized Lennon and dragged him out.
You have only to---- _Basta._ Him big devil.
You say you no care what become of you.
Dam friend--you, jeered the Indian.
Her ankles had already been freed.
He turned away from the girl, full of loathing.
Slade swear you hide my woman, he said.
He had me tied up and lowered to you.
He was up here with her all that time.
You find my woman quick, I let you go.
I've been a fool--a blind fool.
And you're not my mamma, no more than he's my papa.
Of course we're not your papa and mamma.
The bad Indian was chasing our ponies.
I found your papa and mamma and buried them.
You look at me like mamma does.
Dad was an Easterner like yourself.
Then he forced tizwin making upon us.
You would have given your life--and more.
You glory of the desert--you cactus blossom!
Would not you have him locked up?
You cannot be ignorant of this.
Feel, touch, come into contact, I replied.
I do not in the least understand you.
Can anything be more irrational or audacious?
Acknowledge your folly or depart from my dominions.
Have you felt me enough by this time?
(TO HIMSELF.) I can do neither.
Why will you refuse to listen to reason?
But trust me, your wise men are wrong.
But these are the qualities of women!
Arrest the policemen; gag them.
I. Thine interior: thy stomach, thy intestines.
Deny it, and I am henceforth silent.
I want to inthrodooce mesilf to him!
I have a bitter plan than that.
We're no longer in the United States.
You're foolish to loiter along the road like this.
HE EXCLAIMED.] No mistake, it is.
No; it cannot be, he said in a husky voice.
It was a gruff Hands up, younker!
Are you going to sit here all day, little girl?
Your mother will be looking for you.
Tell us now, that's a good girl.
May be you will find a tongue down there.
Then tell me your mother's name.
he asked, looking down with a smile.
Well, what do you say, little girl?
If anyone claims her he can find her there.
He loved little girls, and was also fond of cats.
They gave you a bath, didn't they?
Where are you going, little girl?
She must need some little girl.
When I come back I want you to be all ready for me.
No little girl can leave her clothes like this.
Poor child, she must be a sad case.
Don't you remember your mother's name?
So she pulled off her clothes, and got into bed.
You'd better eat what you have.
You see, miss, she's of no use to me.
You won't ever, will you, Debby?
Not a single thing, except this picture.
She is too big for us to care for now.
You'd better keep quiet, you old pig!
Perhaps this will be a lesson to you.
He looked at her tongue, and felt her pulse.
He felt her pulse, and looked her all over.
I will take care of her tonight.
She will need great care tonight, I think.
Do you feel better now, dear little girl?
Oh, now dearie, I wouldn't be doing that.
she asked, finding her tongue at last.
Squeal away, piggies, said Mr. Alder.
No, but they were all here last night.
You turn around and shut your eyes.
They are good for little city girls.
I wonder if she caught any rats.
And here is a lady, too, he added.
We'll have to shut her up in the loft.
Two weeks seems a long, long time to little girls.
Never mind, dear little girl, he said.
She must be around here somewhere.
I wonder where she can be hiding.
Why, little girl, where did you come from?
Do you think you would like that?
You incongruous Old Woman of Smyrna!
So they smashed that Old Man with a gong.
Which distracted that virulent Bull. 74.
It is four times as big as the bush!
That mendacious Old Person of Gretna.
That provoking Young Lady of Parma.
You invidious Old Man of Aosta!
That's foolish--and sentimental--and impossible.
You haven't yet mentioned one very important thing.
You never heard me NICKNAME a minister.
But then I never did whip you, did I, Paul?
You know, Anne, you did treat Roy very badly.
You can't have seen her, or you would remember her.
I meant to have a spanking good dinner today.
Nothing a dog'd care for, that is.
Like meself, he might be a real beauty inside.
His language was right down forcible.
Some folks are like that, if you've noticed.
You are a beautiful sewer, Miss Bryant.
He said he wanted to have the training of her.
We made a mistake when we called HIM.
Lord, dearie, I don't hate them.
Uncle Dave is a little prejudiced, I think.
He wants tales that reek with gore.
It's politics that's at the bottom of his freak.
I like to see folks cry that way, he remarked.
Here was another unbelievable thing.
It's no secret--the OUTSIDE, that is.
I won't BE kept at a distance, believe ME!
Oh, that poor, heart-broken girl!
He hadn't memory or intellect or reason.
He's just like a child, no more nor less.
She must have taken to you real strong.
Just get her to come over here as often as she can.
Don't be too long going to see her either.
There ain't no question in my mind about THAT.
She's just wasted here--wasted.
I'm so glad we left it burning.
It must have been a real pleasant change for her.
I could have had him long ago when he was fresh.
They deserved it too--a pack of incapables.
Oh, it's well that women are patient, believe ME!
Even you can't defend his wife.
She made him walk Spanish, believe me!
He had one for me when he come down tonight.
I wish you all the best year of your lives, mates.
The worse you are the sooner you'll stop, mebbe.
When I was a boy there was a-plenty of it.
Most of em blunder to Him after awhile, I guess.
Geordie hain't got THAT far yet.
I'd gladly give my life for THAT!
Susan doesn't like it very well.
That's exactly what I am--a hateful little beast.
But I hadn't--I hadn't--and it didn't seem FAIR.
I--I hated you more then than I've ever done since.
You are NOT hateful or jealous or envious.
I used just to look up at her in worship.
She'll have more to do when her boarder comes.
Your grandmother shines like a star in his memory.
And it isn't altogether pleasant for her, either.
It'd make a cat laugh, Jim Boyd, says he.
You will catch a t'ousand dis afternoon.
A woman with eyes like yours always understands.
You seem to have a cold in the head.
If it comes to that, whatever are YOU doing here?
Oh, is it written in my face for everyone to see?
Or do you think I'm just plain fool?
Oh, I don't know--you and Gilbert are such CHUMS.
Anne, this world is an awful place, believe me.
She's almost buried alive over there.
Oh, Gilbert, I CAN'T think you are right.
I dunno's you're any the worse for it.
Gilbert, I've been rather hateful over this.
That's just what it is--an iniquitous shame.
The devil was in him, believe ME!
She combs me down every time I encounter her.
Anne, I'll shake you if you don't grow coherent.
Redmond would be ashamed of you.
No matter what they do, it's the wrong thing.
It must be very strange for him, poor fellow.
I'm not glad or sorry--or ANYTHING.
He has his own place, my dear, wee man-child.
Just see the dimples in his elbows.
Didn't you know you took your life in your hands?
Susan is not the woman to burn a wee man.
And she had continued to violate it ever since.
It comes natural--and it's RIGHT.
God knew what He was about when He made you.
Leslie, you are an adorable goose.
Now, go right to bed and have a good sleep.
I can't get to the bottom of that affair.
And not one whit concerned about it was he!
Not I. Marshall will live me out.
Now, do not you cry and spoil your pretty eyes.
Yes, and it is said that he is not much of a man.
Where the devil can not go, he sends a woman.
On the contrary, it was a deep offense to her.
It is a bad wife a man must lie to.
Every man loves in his own way.
Jan does nothing well but he spoils it.
Go thy ways before I curse thee.
Go and see them, it will be good for thee.
He gave the facts to Snorro in an apathy.
Nay, then he will think that I am a coward.
Shall I lose my child to save Jan Vedder?
Tell Jan he must not come here.
Tell him I will not, dare not, see him!
Go away, Snorro, lest worse words come.
Ask Margaret if that is her last word to me?
Is Jan's loss all thy grief, Snorro?
I said some angry words for thee.
He liked to see his crew watch Jan.
I would not have her suffer, my friend.
And I will not have thee come crying here.
I have spared thee long enough.
When did I say evil of thee, only to thy face?
Michael Snorro hath but one tongue.
Wherever Jan is, that land is best of all.
Oh, miserable, unworthy wife that I have been!
What a selfish woman I must be!
Little wonder that he despised me!
I have deserved to be forgotten.
Thy loving husband, JAN VEDDER.
No, it would have been bad for thee.
Well, then, he is just like thee!
Cursed be he that giveth unto the rich.
Ay, I would leave thee, mother.
Well, Jan, Osman was a very bad man.
My minister, he was a devil and no man.
You have to, unless the Ford does; and Fords don't.
I'll drive em till their tongues hang out.
Oh, all right, if that's the way yuh feel.
And so I pounded er on the tail, coming down.
I'll eat a bite before I take her up.
You think I'm scared to tell her what happened?
Whadda I want a wife for, anyway?
Then I can leave this bleatin burro with Bill.
No, sir, Casey Ryan never back-trailed yet.
Casey's goin to step high, wide and handsome.
Mister, you're a godsend, if ever there was one.
We'll get you outa here in no time.
You're smokin back there like wet wood.
Jack, dear, can you believe your nose!
Junior, darling, just smell the bacon!
Go give him a kiss like a little man.
Mah-mal Do we have to p-pay that there g-godsend?
C-can you p-pay for more b-bacon for me, mah-ma?
The dog-gone helpless, starved bunch!
You don't want nothin of Vegas.
Lund's the place you want to hit fer.
They were not fools, by the way.
Now what to do beats me, Mister.
And they was going to send us to jail!
Jack's tone was arrogant past belief.
I'll plug her so they can't ring her.
You can't down the Irish for very long.
I'm going to ketch that evenin train to Los.
Now look what it done to me, Bill!
I don't back down from runnin anything.
That's your weakness, Casey, and you know it.
You and the road they got to travel.
A Ford's like a mule or a burro.
It's kinda hard on the tourists, don't yuh think?
She's a tough one, from here on to the next stop.
It's lucky I got your size, at that.
Twelve, not countin the little fellers.
They ain't had a drop sence early yest-day mornin.
He could still be happy-- _What_ yuh doin that for?
He had to, you see, or go crazy.
I'll trade yuh goats fer tires.
Nope, said Casey wearily, I don't want yer goats.
I've had more goats a'ready than I want.
You c'n see that much fer yourself.
Yessir, wouldn't buy tires off me, even!
But I got even with im, he added.
It's the devil out walkin an packin a lantern.
An t'-morra, if yuh like, I'll take yuh over there.
You come inside where yuh can't watch it.
Into that gruesome Crevice, for instance.
Now it was going to be a fight.
Your squaw says you want tobacco.
Yo bringum heap jam, bringum shirt.
He was very mean with me all the time.
I think I will have you for my friend.
Do not talk to my mother, Hahnaga.
She tells lies all the time about me.
Indians don't know what money is good for.
I think you want that gold mine awful bad.
If a man is poor he don't care.
I ain't going to commence on an old squaw.
I think Hahnaga will dig a grave.
Then you will buy me-- I'll buy you nothin!
Then I hate you and I will fix you good!
You want that gold mine awful bad.
A squaw with no education would have got forthwith.
As ever your friend, Yours truly, LUCY LILY.
An Indian does not like to stay where one has died.
All time tellum heap big lie so Indian no likeum.
I was foolish enough to argue with him.
And that's what I'm kickin about!
Casey Ryan ain't the man to let it stop there.
Now will you tie Joe's naughty hands jus like that?
Come over here and don't bother the gentleman.
I'm Casey Ryan that's speakin to yuh.
He'd gone fifty feet when he died.
Casey Ryan, come back here and listen to me.
What are you laughing at, Casey Ryan?
Tell me about the little ol Frenchman.
Oh, yes; very explicit, I admit.
You couldn't tell me nothin I wouldn't believe!
This ain't a bad canyon to prospect in.
Mebby you forgot the place, and mebby yuh didn't.
I'll go catch your wainbow, Casey Wyan.
I'll run fas as I can, an I'll catch it for you!
You pack that kid all the way over here?
That name won't mean nothin to em.
Mother will be compelled to tie a rope on you.
Poor Casey Wyan forgot--his bacco!
What's mineral-bearing wock, mother?
You'll see soon enough, Jeremy.
You'll be lonesome, too, if I mistake not.
He's terrible to watch when he's raised.
You're big and strong, an may make a foremast hand.
Why he never knifed me, after, I don't know.
They'll never stand for what he's done.
Pharaoh Daggs don't love us a mite.
She's British, right enough, he was saying.
and his voice trailed off in crazy laughter.
A dozen faces surrounded him, glaring angrily.
Leave em to starve or drown on a sinkin ship!
Sneak off like a dog an a son of a cowardly dog!
Pharaoh Daggs, step forward and unloose the rope!
Daggs, I leave the boy in your charge.
Now get below, the pair of you.
It was his old shipmate, Bill Curley, the Jamaican.
Now look alive--every one of you!
Right there, she'll be, he muttered.
Every man fell fighting and died sword in hand.
She's at your service, he smiled.
He offered me the chance to command her!
It was Pharaoh Daggs and none other.
Well, he grinned, the heavier the better!
Ever seen this gal afore, Jeremy?
Finally I said to myself, Here, don't be a fool!
Try it some time with your hands tied!
No cannikin was skimped while I was at the spigot.
Put your helm hard down and bring her to the wind!
Don't she look sort o soggy to you?
See there, now, when she lifts!
No wonder they're trying to beach her!
Then, Bring her head to the wind, Hawkes!
BETWEEN CHARYBDIS AND SCYLLA 291 XLI.
ESPERANCE, MONTE-CRISTO'S SON 397 LVII.
MONTE-CRISTO, THE MARTYR 468 LXIX.
The Sultan is living and has been here!
In a moment I was securely bound and gagged.
I have you now, and you shall die!
Maldar and his ruffians are there!
Monsieur Fongereues, do you hear?
We shall be the masters now, mamma, shall we not?
You come from Germany, do you not?
He was taught from his cradle to hate France.
the invasion will then take that direction!
I knew by their caps that they were Russians.
We shall take it by force, then!
I felt that Talizac was enough for us to hate.
Here, Michel, dig out this place with your bayonet!
They fired at me, and wounded me in the head.
The scene was an absolute butchery.
Now lie down, my boy, and get a little sleep.
He poured his flask of powder on the floor.
my lad, you made a great mistake.
Just let her lay a finger on the girl, that is all!
I mean to get rid of him for reasons of my own.
you have come, children, have you?
Not for long, you had better believe!
Why do you call me little sister?
If any one questions you, make no reply.
Sir, he said to me, a Fongereues never begs!
Throw your cards on the table, Cyprien!
Don't get into any trouble, papa would be offended.
I think, Robeccal, you are trying to provoke me.
Will you never learn any sense.
Iron Jaws placed himself on this platform.
Fanfar himself could hardly stand.
He never goes out, this hermit.
But my master did not yield, nor will I!
I refuse--the son of Simon de Fongereues is living!
You will get your punishment in another world!
Why do you meddle in what does not concern you?
The clown was crying like a baby.
And now, good people, I must ask you to leave me.
Do you wonder that Fanfar hates the Bourbons?
Come out with me, said this man.
I am ready to serve your--son-- My son!
I am not so simple, sir, as you think.
The police are coming to arrest you!
That may be, but I have orders to arrest these men!
Gentlemen, he said, this man has insulted me.
Now go--return to your shameful pleasures!
Friends, defenders of the Monarchy and of Religion.
And this has been going on for two months!
You bear too much from this girl!
They resisted every offer and every threat he made.
The people down stairs won't stand any nonsense!
They are young men, are they not?
And he tried to take her by the waist.
Don't meddle in what does not concern you.
he cried, they are insulting a poor girl up-stairs.
sneered Cyprien, the king has his eyes on you!
Fanfar caught him, but it was too late.
I will go to her and question her.
She has been carried off, by a man named Talizac.
He recognizes her; he leans over her.
But you want to see her, do you?
Why does the girl sleep like this?
and the giantess clenched her enormous fist.
I would crush her to jelly if she did!
It is too late, little girl, too late!
Your lover was here with you all night!
child, it is useless for you to try!
The two wretches gasped out the names: Fanfar!
This is what your son has done, Marquis!
What does this senseless comedy mean?
And I, sir, swear that he speaks the truth!
In the name of the king, I arrest you!
I have been cowardly toward him.
She has been abducted by the Vicomte de Talizac.
cried the clown, with much of his former gayety.
Peace means fortune and power, and war-- War!
repeated Fongereues, I do not understand you.
I an adversary of the Society of Jesus!
What have you, his mother, done for him?
Fongereues laughed hysterically.
Now, why did you poison Fanfar?
A second later and Fanfar would have been no more!
You will gag him, added Vidocq, it is better.
he cried, gayly, come here, and look out!
The only thing for Fanfar is to flee the country.
Yes, sir, while you were asleep.
I shall not die until she comes.
Suddenly she drew me to her, kissed me, and died.
I am rich, I know, but it is not my fault.
You millionaires know nothing of life.
you know that I always work in the evening.
Goutran had indeed behaved very strangely to her.
You are walking into a snare laid for you.
You have behaved like a hero, Count!
Maslenes gently pushed her back.
Some one must have insulted you!
Pray, try and control yourself.
No, sir, you will do nothing of the kind.
And that witness must be yourself.
You are planning some new villainy.
You can have nothing more to say to me.
Not another word like that, Benedetto!
No, he said, finally, I refuse.
The fool has signed his own name!
There she will lead a new life!
The pretty blonde is the one I mean.
Sanselme remained alone with the corpse.
He would wait until the priest came up.
He did not know what she required.
For Heaven's sake, sir, be quiet!
That is none of your affairs, sir.
If my mother wakes you will call me.
And then he came, all in black.
His victim remained in the village.
Then he said to the girl: I knew your mother.
What did he care for Benedetto's hates?
And I have another, Monsieur Fanfar.
Everything about you is a mystery and a fraud.
You cannot give me a good reason.
Not a word of truth can ever be torn from you.
Laisangy was terrible to look at.
And this is not all, she continued.
There will then be a nice scandal!
I see you do not care for witnesses!
you are beginning to understand me, are you?
I know what I say, and will prove it to you.
Danglars, do you wish to see this man suffer?
You are right--and I, like you, hate him!
Then, said Danglars, I join you, for I hate him!
You have suffered, but now all that is over.
Esperance, you little know what is going on!
This woman is right, but I never did her any harm.
Sanselme, you have been a great criminal.
For five long years I endured this martyrdom.
For some time I have hated and loathed Laisangy.
I am hardly foolish enough for that.
Your life is indeed mine, and I mean to have it.
Esperance did not reply to this insulting question.
Upon my life, said Coucon, this is bad enough.
Suddenly a new name was heard: Mohammed-Ben-Omar!
The infamous L---- must possess this secret.
He rushed forward, only to be stopped by iron bars.
You are the accomplice of these scoundrels.
Monte-Cristo's son said to him, Scoundrel!
Somnambulists and madmen alone do such things.
FORT STANWIX AND ORISKANY VIII.
CHERRY VALLEY X. MINISINK AND THE CHEMUNG RIVER XI.
All want to see the poor Indians; it is very kind.
An Indian fired and wounded him.
He stopped, and fixed the Indian with his gaze.
[46] The present miserable state of Ireland.
gentleman to prison for twenty-five days.
Numerous arrests were made in every instance.
Fitzpatrick was unable to eat, and so he died.
[201] The people are not indolent.
Of that there has been abundant proof.
gentleman must have made a gross mistake.
And this was their coffinless grave!
Surely this is enough to try one's patience.
Pensions to Apostate Priests, 44.
We are of suitable age for each other.
You do not know then what a man is!
Selkirk has a declared enemy here!
this shall be his glory, his happiness!
has he not more than discovered this country?
This war has been profitable to the conqueror.
The tickling has become a bite.
Selkirk remains stupefied, overwhelmed.
May God and men come to my aid!
This time, it was hatred which asked information.
His hatred was destined to be gratified.
His religion was only that of fear.
LONGFELLOW'S PROSE WORKS HYPERION.
TRUE STORIES FROM HISTORY AND BIOGRAPHY.
Note: missing text] DE PROFUNDIS.
MINSTRELSY, ANCIENT AND MODERN.
BEING SPECIMENS OF METROPOLITAN LITERATURE.
Kidd, of all men in the universe!
Nothing but Styx water and vitriol, Sundays?
These interruptions are inexcusable!
She cannot move rapidly because she is so.
I beg you'll not expose me, he moaned.
I'm not going to keep this thing.
You people simply run it into the ground.
V A CONFERENCE ON DECK Here's a kettle of fish!
I have great respect for you, sir, as a ruffian.
I was sas'inated that werry night!
the poor girl added, in an agony of despair.
But I'm not that kind of a salt.
I've offered you the _Gehenna_, retorted Charon.
It wasn't you beat me at Waterloo.
You must have had a gay army, then, laughed Caesar.
We simply played with you, my boy.
Are not we English as much your descendants?
Let them see as much of life as they can stand.
That's the kind of a queen I am.
That man's a diplomat from Diplomaville!
Handsome, too, don't you think?
What a foolish little thing you are!
Blackstone, go below and pipe Captain Cook on deck.
When I issue an order it must be obeyed.
If it is, the rest of you will please keep off.
Not by the beard of the Prophet!
If they try any funny business, exorcise them.
Hawkins burst right before my eyes.
So that we can expel him, said Ward.
She certainly acts that way--like a merry-go-round.
I want you all to go to bed at ten o'clock.
You might much better be in bed.
His neck is broken, said my mother.
Are you going to live next door to me in the box?
* * * * * SHALL CUBA BE TAKEN FOR CHRIST?
But this same Indian intended to do differently.
Leave that to the ignorant demagogue.
Westmoreland, 3. NEW HAMPSHIRE FEMALE CENT.
to const. EDWARD TOLMA, ANNIE F. CROSSMAN and CHAS.
PRESCOTT D. DODGE, L. M., 49.70.
Missoula, 5. CALIFORNIA, $349.16.
Belle Place, 4. FLORIDA, $31.50.
TENNESSEE, KENTUCKY and ARKANSAS.
All this is unprofitable and silly.
Bryant_ 42 Day is Done, The _W.
Jackson_ 155 Gravedigger, The _B.
Bryant_ 29 To a Young Girl Dying _T.W.
Oh, may her sleep, Which is enduring, so be deep!
Soft may the worms about her creep!
The glory from his gray hairs gone Forevermore!
Freemen undefiled, Keep watch and ward!
His torch is at thy temple door, Maryland!
tis the red dawn of the day, Maryland!
Dear Mother, burst the tyrant's chain, Maryland!
for thy shield is bright and strong, Maryland!
for thy dalliance does thee wrong, Maryland!
Insect lover of the sun, Joy of thy dominion!
Bedtimes come fu little boys, Po little lamb.
Too tiahed out to make a noise, Po little lamb.
You been bad de livelong day, Po little lamb.
Th'owin stones an runnin way, Po little lamb.
you mos tiahed to def, Po little lamb.
Played yo'se'f clean out o bref, Po little lamb.
Would you ever b'lieve dey's white!
Stan still twell I wash dem right, Po little lamb.
Lay yo haid down in my lap, Po little lamb.
Y'ought to have a right good slap, Po little lamb.
sapka anelabe, kai anephane anthpopois.
I think he's dying; and he's going mad.
When he woke up he was like that!
rapped Smith, turning upon him.
That's what cost him his life, sir.
Go into your room and lie down until we call you.
Such an empire needs must have---- An emperor!
Needless to add, they don't know my real business!
I give him one little kiss if he good boy!
look to yourself, and ..._him_....
Thanks to you, I am not only alive, but free!
slipped off into a profound sleep.
For God's sake, what does it man?
You have one chance--your last.
You are some servant of Dr. Fu-Manchu!
My hands were firmly tied behind me.
Then a hand grasped my arm, roughly.
This is utterly incomprehensible!
It can be nothing but some foolish practical joke!
You have all the facts before you.
Be helping a poor old woman, and God bless you.
Don't expect any leniency from me!
You had no right to talk to the prisoner!
and Smith had my arm in an iron grip.
that fiend means to burn us alive!
Why do you dread this man, Ki-Ming, so much?
I have you covered, Dr. Fu-Manchu!
He bought his life from me, Smith.
Thank God you are safe, old man, he said.
For God's sake what is going on, Smith?
Sir Lionel must be warned at all cost!
I have no more idea than yourself.
Still insensible, was the reply.
It's that or the way we came, sir!
People forbid children to read this or that.
Other and better boys, I learn, find Scott slow.
Alas, it was a prediction, cruel, smart.
He got up and slapped the man's face.
_Monsieur, vous m'avez frappe_!
With these amateurs I would be ranked.
But mark the cruelty of an intellectual parent!
So much for the literary history of the Lunacy.
MALIM CONVIVIS QVAM PLACVISSE COQVIS.
We are reminded of-- Alas, my Bom!
Cope is a courtier Ape, appointed General.
They are fierce, foul-mouthed, and pointless.
Thus this gay writing no longer makes us gay.
Gipsies and others are suspected.
Boys are not what a vain people supposes.
Let's take the cheek out of him.
and poor Petie would be so ashamed!
White is the sand, the rocks black, black.
you make not attention, bad children that you are!
and on them (white steps, clean!
I take her wiz both my arms, I weep--ah!
Huguenots of Blanque, am I not right, marquis?
I expect she'll turn up her toes now most any day.
Does your folks run slim as a rule?
Let him kibobble all he's a mind to!
Why didn't you hit one of your size?
Cannon must be brought, to batter down these walls.
Abby is real sick, or she would write herself.
So I remain your friend, HAM BELFORT.
About two quarts of laudable pus was discharged.
Both openings discharging very freely.
Both sinuses discharging very freely.
Wash out the sinuses and inject liquid vasaline.
Washed out the lower part and injected vasaline.
Hibbard is not a fool--but a knave.
Yours in friendship, JOHN C. PORTER.
This is preposterous and ridiculous.
Yours with kindest regards, TIMOTHY STOWE.
To you this land will become a land of memory.
Some things I do think of with pleasure.
JONATHAN PIM, 22, William-street, Dublin.
Through me, YOU are of the soil.
The Alvarados and their friends!
Did he get off such stuff as that?
And you ain't a market gardener any more.
Men like you never do, she said, simply.
We are coming to it because we are poor.
He himself had said she was inexperienced.
But what will your mother think of that?
Masters stole it--stole my fortune!
All right, old man; then don't.
He'll do, he said, grimly: he's beginning to lie.
It's a slap-up affair, I kalkilate.
The man what picked you up that day.
But YOU needn't come here, you know.
Lord preserve you for a jinerous gintleman!
I, the possessor of millions, lay there a pauper.
His wife and children would never submit.
The old woman was right in warnin me agin him.
You kin follow me and stop me when I go wrong.
Let me go, while I have yet strength and reason!
Iv there wor no saloons there'd be no poor min.
CONVICT SHIPS AND CONVICT SETTLEMENTS.
FRY IN DOMESTIC AND RELIGIOUS LIFE.
I lay it to my great love of gayety and the world.
The old woman's face was full of depravity.
Your dearly attached mother, ELIZABETH FRY.
MEMOIRS OF MARGARET FULLER OSSOLI.
+PINK AND WHITE TYRANNY.+ A Society Novel.
+CASIMIR MAREMMA.+ By ARTHUR HELPS.
+OFF THE SKELLIGS.+ By JEAN INGELOW.
+SARAH De BERENGER.+ By JEAN INGELOW.
A FASHIONABLE DRESSMAKER 55 CHAPTER SIXTH.
NEGATIVE OR POSITIVE GOSPEL 76 CHAPTER EIGHTH.
THE EVOLUTION OF A JACKET 100 CHAPTER TENTH.
END AND BEGINNING 244 PRISONERS OF POVERTY.
You're getting botchier all the time.
Men are cheaper than shingles, he said.
Necessarily these are an always lessening minority.
Come now, be reasonable, won't you?
You'll get no wages, no matter what's promised.
It's a den of thieves all the same.
You're interested, my dear madam, he said.
There is no room for supposes in business, madam.
Franz cares only for America, she said.
She loved him, and she had always submitted.
She little knows what she's coming to.
The amount of it is, there are too many women.
This man was a Jew, but there's small difference.
He's a wise one, the sick girl said.
the old woman said, when she understood my desire.
Oh ja, but she will die soon and care not.
It is babies cloaks, so vite and nice.
I got rid o my soul long ago, such as twas.
An it isn't one time alone or my girl alone.
It's our room you'll mane, she said.
I'm quick an smart, an I know I turn off work.
There is no knowledge, no understanding.
Never had a disperate wan better reason.
You'd better not stop me, she said.
A man must have his little fling, you know.
The tricks of girls are beyond telling.
Thee must not get socialistic notions in thy head.
Men felt that I must be a fool.
I will stand out if it starves me, I said.
The time is coming when this rottenness must end.
It is their ignorance that is their curse.
STEADY TRADES AND THEIR OUTLOOK.
DOMESTIC SERVICE AND ITS PROBLEMS.
The mistress's point of view we all know.
Anyway, I hate it, and there's plenty like me.
Don't I know it well, an the shame it is to em!
You're just down once for all if you go into one.
MORE PROBLEMS OF DOMESTIC SERVICE.
HERNDON'S INCOME, PRISONERS OF POVERTY.
I have never injured any one in my life as yet.
And a drink is good also; and as for hurting ...
And as for my looks, they are all right....
Black as my boot, fierce as a dog, and eyes ...
They will seize thee immediately.
but, nevertheless, what outrageous conduct!
As you see--I am digging a grave for myself.
Because I do not wish to live any longer.
Are not you the cause of it all?...
So down with everything,--and with me also!
The devil knows the meaning of this!
Really, you have no cause for this.
Natchiki-tchikaldi, tchuk-tchuk-tchuk!
while he is so discreet and polite ...
He is not a man,--he is a wolf, a regular wolf.
Nikolai Nikolaitch, hey there, Nikolai Nikolaitch!
and only children generally develop irregularly.
His face was distorted beyond recognition.
See here, I have one of the nuts left in my pocket.
Tell me, do not make me suffer!
Why, good gracious, there is nothing there, Yakoff!
No, he is not green, but black.
No, he is like a man,--only all black.
Wait, wait, Yakoff, do not lose thy courage.
I'm not far from laying hands on myself, as it is.
I won't go to her, says he, not on any account!
And what do you think?--My Yasha was asleep!
The next day I see Yakoff take his cap....
I did so; I spat it out, and ground it under foot.
Vanity of vanities, all is vanity!
I'm doing myself a favour, not you, my good sir!
And Count Alexyei Grigorievitch ...
It is whiter, Alexis; it is whiter!
It is time for me to die, that's what, my darling.
God be with you, Alexyei Sergyeitch!
But now I must go to that malefactor....
and now see what a bad thing has come of it!
No, your Excellency, not to commit arson.
and her breathing grew more profound.
Fabio attempted to question her ...
No; the Malay would not allow it.
Don't be stubborn, my dear fellow!
If a young fool came along, he fell into her hands.
that considering my isolated life....
But why did she poison herself?
why she poisoned herself is incomprehensible!
that was the most fitting word.
on his rosy cheek with her big, strong hand!
He'll never get anything of me, unto ages of ages!
That is a calumny, a calumny, a lie!...
God be with you!--Poor, poor Katya!...
I will send all that I write....
worst of all, so artificial ...
Either this is all nonsense ...
It must be some drama or other.
But now I want to go to bed and sleep.
Consequently I must die in order to be with her?
from which I inferred that she was blind.
I bend down to her face, to her eyes....
it is always the same, the same!
And I, also, am looking him straight in the eye.
Beat me--but be healthy and full fed!
You may even say, the lackey of non-lackeyism!
Away from the tribune with the talentless rhymster!
Only consider just one thing, unhappy man!
THE LAZY MAN[71] I am one of you, brethren!
THE TOILER And what was that for?
Well, and so they put me in prison.
THE TOILER They put you in prison?
THE OTHER TOILER I remember....
I understood that she had been scorched also.
Rothschild is a long way behind that peasant-man!
do not look ahead, poor old man!
they are thrashing a correspondent.
His full red lips tremble slightly.
It is a regular, terrible, pitiless face!
it makes no difference to me....
Other images rise up before me....
His kiss burneth on thy brow, grown pale as marble!
THE MONK I used to know a monk, a hermit, a saint.
We will still fight on, devil take it!
I shan't forget you when the time comes.
The offenders fled in terror, but came to no harm.
This night will prove the truth of my words.
The hero pays this sum, and has the corpse buried.
Did you ever see anything so disgusting?
I saw you mooning about with it last night, Tom.
You know, you get em every day!
Any fool knows that, eh, Peachey?
As if they'd go there if they did n't want to!
Put him in my dressing-room, I'll turn out.
I'll sleep with the poor creatures.
Nonsense, I won't have Peachey---- MRS.
Oh, Uncle Tom, your head is so beautiful from here!
you've got all your troubles before you.
[Bitterly.] He's such a cool beast.
When he comes I might just as well go to bed.
[Releasing a worm.] Letting the poor creatures go.
[Grimacing.] The Colonel's getting licked.
[Quietly.] It makes me sick, young man.
Look what she's got behind her, sly old thing!
[Panting.] Dance, dance with the poor young man!
[Whispering.] She's been letting out your worms.
[Scornfully.] You don't understand!
[Violently.] I wish----Promise, Joy!
[Whispering.] Pay her out, pay her out!
Letty's your wife, she'd say anything.
[Staring at him.] You're a--you're aa theorist!
[To LETTY.] Where's your mother?
[He goes, and ROSE is left alone.] ROSE.
[Looking at her intently.] Joy!
Fussing about somewhere; don't let's hurry!
Go and tell your aunt your mother's on the lawn.
She goes on at me till she gets on my nerves.
All very well for you to laugh, Molly!
D you mean to say that's all you've got, Uncle Tom?
[Feelingly.] It is a d--d shame!
I don't pay the slightest attention to her.
Mind, I think you've been very rash.
I'm going to put Mr. Lever in your room.
Ernie, be careful, you never know where Joy is.
[Seizing her, she turns her back on LEVER.
[MISS BEECH, grunts slightly.] COLONEL.
Now Molly, I'm simply asking---- MRS.
[In a low voice.] It's hateful here.
[Losing her control.] Can't you SEE?
[And she does not look at him.] LEVER.
What bothers me now is your Uncle.
I'd no business to tell even you.
if you're going to take it like this, Molly MRS.
Of course, I'll speak to your Uncle.
I ll do anything you want---- MRS.
[Suddenly clinging to her.] Oh!
I want to get you to--he--he s--he snot----!
Let's tell Uncle Tom, Mother, and go away.
[Through her teeth.] I hate him.
I didn't mean to listen, but I hate him.
Let's tell Uncle Tom and go away from him?
D you think they'll do her any good?
[Gloomily.] But this is too brutal for anything!
You'd better go in and get yourself a partner.
[Ironically.] Poor lot, are n't they?
You're lucky to be down here, Molly.
so you think she's lucky, do you?
Got too excited about your coming.
You don't understand her, Peachey.
If I were her mother I'd soon have her up.
Have her up with that headache!
I'd raging neuralgia for two days.
It s only puttin off the evil day.
With your Aunt it's me, and by George!
Don't do that, old girl, it makes me wretched.
[With a violent effort.] It's all right, Uncle Tom!
[MISS BEECH wipes her own eyes stealthily.
[Motionless.] Life's very hard on women!
You don't care if it ends for me!
Peachey, go in and leave me alone.
They make way for each other.] LEVER.
I've made it all right with your Uncle.
[She throws her scarf off.] LEVER.
Are you all right now, darling?
[Taking her wrist.] Was it was it your Mother?
[Releasing her.] I'm thinking of your Mother, Joy.
We ve been hateful to each other for years.
Don't cover your face like a child--look at me.
I would do anything for you, Mother.
Oh, Mother, I wouldn't, I never would, I swear it.
If it's wicked, I shall pay for it, not you!
But I want to save you, Mother!
You think I'm a monster to hurt you.
[Looking; in a smothered voice.] Don't!
[To herself.] He said he wouldn't let her.
[Sadly.] They must go their own ways, poor things!
[He kisses her on the lips.] The curtain falls.
PAGE I. FIRST IMPRESSIONS 9 II.
AROUND BERLIN 249 IN AND AROUND BERLIN.
Girls attempt too many things, was the reply.
THE NINETIETH BIRTHDAY OF EMPEROR WILLIAM.
STREETS, PARKS, CEMETERIES, AND PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
I., 81, 95, 100, 133, 136-138, 177, 186.
We only know when we're uncomfortable.
You'll please to do nothing of the kind.
You'll keep it to cover your poor old legs.
I call him my sick-nurse because he's sick himself.
But I suppose you can't help it.
You've no excuse for being bored anywhere.
You must have developed very late.
You think too much of your pleasure.
But you've never learned the things they don't say!
I'll keep him while I'm here, with pleasure.
Yes; she likes to take people up.
No, you don't look like a person of that sort.
She ought to marry an Armenian or a Portuguese.
I don't think she finds me one.
Natural people are not the most trouble.
No, said Ralph; you yourself are a proof of that.
Oh, I know your mother; she's not romantic.
I infer also that you like my mother.
So you adore her--out of perversity?
Oh no; they're not all like him.
Heaven deliver me from my friends!
Ah, he couldn't be a martyr even if he wished!
Is it true your brother's such a great radical?
Is England not good enough for you?
Then you'll go on judging, I suppose.
You only care to amuse yourself.
You think she's capable of it then?
There's intellectual poverty for you.
The more shame to you; I've some delicious ones.
My dear lady, I have no conscience!
You'll need it the next time you go to America.
That's because you truckle to them.
Did she think I was making love to her?
You like her then for patriotic reasons.
He'll find you changed, the latter pursued.
You needn't be a better royalist than the king.
Americans are highly appreciated.
You didn't find it sufficiently attractive?
It's true they're nice fresh free-born Americans!
You're in love with yourself, that's the Other!
I'll be Caliban and you shall be Ariel.
I suppose you know she comes from there.
She can't help it, but she does.
I've watched her and I can see it.
I don't care anything about his name.
If you say that to pour scorn on me I don't care.
I believe you are; now you're too serious.
But you're always looking away.
You're afraid of meeting my eye.
Is her position inferior to yours?
And then you know we're very dull.
I think that's so very wrong of you.
I'm determined to get some satisfaction out of you.
You'd be careful not to like her enough.
Miss Archer has been warning you!
I'm sure you act well; I know you're very clever.
You're fine enough and you're not too fine.
I don't know but what she'd be too fine for me.
Capital thing to have your future so handy.
What do you care for my feeble attempts?
That's what your mother thinks too.
I refused him because he was too perfect then.
I'm not perfect myself, and he's too good for me.
We shall hang on the rest of your career.
There are other things a woman can do.
You're the most charming of polygons!
Men do so with a certain frequency.
You've no right to talk of losing what's not yours.
Men don't understand such things.
Plenty of men will try to make you.
Do you accuse me of lying to shake you off?
I'm after all very much afraid of you.
And pray isn't an Englishman a human being?
You'll get very sick of your independence.
I don't believe Annie was pressed; but you'll be.
You're drifting to some great mistake.
That's why I don't return to America.
I don't want a new interest, daddy.
She does it because it suits her.
It's as if she came over on purpose.
It's just the same with your bad lung.
Young men are very different from what I was.
Do you think that she's a girl to do that?
Well, dear daddy, don't you understand it now?
She's never the least little bit off.
I don't envy them trying to arrange themselves.
There are young men and young men.
Pardon me, I understand her perfectly.
But for the present she's simply stupefied.
You can't go anywhere unless you come here first.
You don't think you'd like that?
But you do think I'm obstinate and narrow-minded?
And you, my sister, are French, said the gentleman.
Le couvent n'est pas comme le monde, monsieur.
Little girls usually dislike them.
I call YOUR life your ambitions, said Osmond.
You're not selfish--I can't admit that.
For me that's your worst fault.
The word niece suggests youth and ignorance.
But you won't be able to help it.
She fills all your requirements.
I'm not so heartless as you think.
There are some things you'll never understand.
They're really so much better than most people's.
Satisfactory woman!--I mean you.
And if I go to see her shall I see the mother?
What could he be more asinine than that?
I like what they've made of her.
Used to them, I mean, so as to despise them.
I don't think I recommend you to know her.
Judge everyone and everything for yourself.
She's a capital person for you to know.
Poor Osmond, with his old curtains and crucifixes!
The more you know the more unhappy you are.
Perhaps you think that's even worse.
I see that just now you DON'T wish.
You're capable of anything, you and Osmond.
To be sacrificed, any girl would do.
In other words she's an insipid little chit.
I think she likes the poor child.
The better you like her the better for me.
You're afraid you'll see too much of me.
You may be unhappy, but you shall not make ME so.
Do you mean what more does SHE?
Have you lost your wits entirely?
Do you call us of Hamilton plantation a rabble?
We are not known as Minute Boys!
Yes, chile, Silber Heels is wid de res.
Did you speak with my mother, Saul?
Hab you bin rubbin up agin dat Tory sneak?
You chilluns hab done gone crazy!
little Frenchie asked with a smile.
Don stop to fight, kase it won't be any use.
Ay, that I am, was my angry reply.
Thinking you would tire me out, eh?
Perhaps I am not good enough for such as you?
I dare do what any other lad may.
What has happened since I have been shut up yonder?
I done roll him ober, chile, I done roll him ober.
He was bleeding from a cut on the face.
So you belong on the Hamilton plantation, do you?
Dere's gwine to be no retreatin dis yere night.
Go back in dar fore dey comes dis yere way!
Remember that our lives depend upon your aim.
Nor did she ever don any other.
Go get yourself some working clothes!
Take off your black velvet and gold!
You don't understand, Buster tried to explain.
Then you ate it yourself, Rusty Wren faltered.
She can't be any busier than I am.
She can't do that, he explained.
Maybe it's her clothes that make her look strange.
For all I know, you may be dissembling.
She's too big for me to handle.
If she does, I'll have fun with her.
You'll injure her if you're too rough with her.
I wouldn't harm a hair of her head!
He found her too rough to suit him.
She knocks me down whenever I meet her.
And she wouldn't have come out for anything.
Why, she has more children than she can count.
She can't even keep her own tongue from wagging!
She had a very sharp tongue, herself.
You're going to live in a pumpkin!
You're going to live in the haystack.
She was smooth and shiny herself.
Can't hurt a husky man like you.
Fitz is another old worry wart.
After all, working a tupa ranch-- Nonsense.
And the CLU's glad to furnish the men.
Black will happen to ask me to accompany the party.
And if he can tie it to us, it's our neck.
Have you both gone out of your minds?
Nothing else, Black said with finality.
_Vir quicunque rabidus consors est Roberto_.
It is a system I attack, and not individuals.
A dogg long in coming, and my Lo.
Moser, a German, more than ten years ago.
GRIMALDI, ORIGINES GENEALOGICAE.
SALVADOR'S JESUS CHRIST ET SA DOCTRINE.
court, maintain, * * * * * ABASE.
enact, promote, * * * * * ABOMINATION.
conditional, ductile, limited, * * * * * ABSOLVE.
incontestable, * * * * * ABUSE.
Compare ALERT; ALIVE; MEDDLESOME.
Compare ACTIVE; ALIVE; NIMBLE; VIGILANT.
arouse, fan, provoke, stir, * * * * * ALLEGE.
corrupt, deteriorate, injure, * * * * * AMIABLE.
detestation, disrelish, Compare ANTIPATHY.
LONGFELLOW _Light of Stars_ st.
Compare ARTIFICE; FICTION; FRAUD; HYPOCRISY.
Antonyms: See synonyms for ANTIPATHY.
firm, obstinate, * * * * * DOCTRINE.
hidden, invisible, * * * * * EXAMPLE.
destroy, extirpate, root out, _Exterminate_ (L.
breed, colonize, * * * * * FAINT.
Antonyms: See synonyms for MASCULINE.
covetous, illiberal, * * * * * GENIUS.
exhausted, frail, * * * * * HELP.
deep, depressed, * * * * * HINDER.
Antonyms: See synonyms for BARBAROUS.
contingent, improbable, * * * * * IMPEDIMENT.
Compare synonyms for BLEMISH; CRIMINAL; INJUSTICE.
dubious, incredible, unlikely, * * * * * LISTEN.
Compare ANTIQUE; OBSOLETE; PRIMEVAL.
Antonyms: Compare synonyms for NEW; YOUTHFUL.
defaced, faulty, marred, * * * * * PERMANENT.
Antonyms: See synonyms for ABASE; ALLAY.
condemnation, offense, * * * * * PROPITIOUS.
Compare AVENGE; HATRED; REQUITE.
self-indulgence, * * * * * SEND.
Compare APATHY; IDIOCY; STUPOR.
See BEAUTIFUL; DELICIOUS; FINE.
Compare synonyms for ABSURD; IDIOCY.
Such weakness can only be ----.
Talebearers and backbiters are everywhere ----.
* * * * * ABOMINATION (page 7).
The Czar of Russia is an ---- ruler.
Is it attributed to men or brutes?
The king is but as the hind ...
If I know your sect, I ---- your argument.
You statesmen are so ---- in forming schemes!
* * * * * AVARICIOUS (page 68).
Then must it be an ---- thing to die.
Truth is the ---- of every good to gods and men.
Shut, shut the door, good John!
A man must serve his time to every ----.
Take her up tenderly, lift her with ----.
My punishment is greater than I can ----.
* * * * * CONSCIOUS (page 116).
The ---- of the Almighty can not be thwarted.
* * * * * DUPLICATE (page 141).
* * * * * EFFRONTERY (page 144).
---- may puff a man up, but never prop him up.
Do not turn back when you are just at the ----.
The statement is a ---- absurdity.
* * * * * EXTERMINATE (page 163).
* * * * * FANATICISM (page 166).
---- is a senseless fear of God.
* * * * * FLUCTUATE (page 173).
* * * * * FORMIDABLE (page 176).
* * * * * FORTIFICATION (page 176).
He does not prevent a crime when he can ---- it.
* * * * * HETEROGENEOUS (page 196).
---- the Devil, and he will flee from you.
* * * * * HYPOCRISY (page 204).
* * * * * HYPOCRITE (page 204).
Be a ---- to others and then all will go well.
A boy is better unborn than ----.
* * * * * IMMEDIATELY (page 211).
* * * * * IMPEDIMENT (page 213).
* * * * * IMPUDENCE (page 213).
* * * * * INCONGRUOUS (page 214).
* * * * * INDUSTRIOUS (page 215).
* * * * * INJUSTICE (page 220).
War in men's eyes shall be a monster of ----.
* * * * * INQUISITIVE (page 221).
We have strict ----, and most biting ----.
* * * * * MASCULINE (page 237).
where his ---- and his conquests cease!
* * * * * MEDDLESOME (page 238).
Be a ---- to others, and then all will go well.
* * * * * OBSTINATE (page 256).
O good ---- head which all men knew!
That God's ---- forgot, she plucked and ate.
I ---- him, as heaven shall ---- me.
Can not but by annihilating die.
* * * * * PERMANENT (page 269).
* * * * * PERNICIOUS (page 270).
Inflaming wine, ---- to mankind.
* * * * * PLENTIFUL (page 276).
* * * * * PRECARIOUS (page 282).
* * * * * PREJUDICE (page 283).
When the judgment's weak, the ---- is strong.
---- the truth, and sell it not.
* * * * * SENSIBILITY (page 328).
In youth it ----ed me, And I'll protect it now.
* * * * * SUPERNATURAL (page 347).
Beany hadent better say mutch to me ennyway.
Scotty Briggam licked 2 stewdcats in one day.
i knew that wood make Gim want to lick him.
but he told me not to ask Gim Erly down here agen.
i gess it did him good to get a lickin.
Beany and Ticky Moses got fiting at resess today.
they are some new fellers not enny biger then i am.
so i felt prety good and crep back to bed.
i gess i shant forget today very soon.
it is i wood i were a fary queen.
still rany, my throte is beter.
well ennyway Mister Robinson he stoped.
i liked Mister Fernald but i hated old Robinson.
i gess he hadent better say mutch about me.
Skinny Bruce and Ben Rundlet got fiting today.
not very sick but my legs aked ferful.
some folks can eat chese that is all wiggly.
all the fellers wish they cood get it.
you jest wait Pewt and you will see.
mother said it sirved her rite.
when i think of it it makes me sick.
and never will fite if they is a chance to scoot.
i dident die and every one of us got well.
i had a fite with Ed Harndin and licked him.
they wasent hardly ennyone there.
we beat Pewts duble runner esy.
Pewt was mad becaus we beat him.
my sled is most dry enuf to use.
i bet he beter not fite me agen.
i bet he wood laff if i div in the swill bucket.
all rite Beany you jest wait and see.
it is comfertible to be in bed and hear the rane.
Gimmy is mad becaus Beany calls him Gami.
i bet the folks will think i am quite a feller.
Beany will get a good punch if he says much.
i am not fealing very well tonite.
Ed Tole has got a new game rooster.
i dont care for a old prise ennyway.
i broak a window today on purpose, i dont care.
got sent to bed tonite for swearing.
i have herd him say wirse things than that.
i got fiting with Beany today in his yard.
then mother called me in and sent me to bed.
i have been a prety mean feller.
i gess ministers dont know much ennyway.
Beany come over erly and we had a good trade.
i bet he is going to keep store with Pewt.
he said Pewt wasent so mean as all that.
I saw Beany today and he run out his tung at me.
i wonder if i shall get a licking this tirm.
1. today i had a good one to get on Beany.
i jest laffed to think of Beany getting licked.
i woodent dare to wright what he said.
Pewt said it was me and Beany said it was Pewt.
Rany Franky fell out of bed last nite.
his name is Dime, i bet he can fite.
it has been a prety tuf day i tell you.
i tell you i have to wirk prety hard.
i tell you old Nat he had to pull to stop her.
tonite we coodent get lady Clara up.
i dont care mutch about fites now.
they was mostly long tailers with white necktis.
i have to go to pasture 2 times every day.
i went up to Whacker Chadwicks tonite.
Beany has been sick he et two mutch pork.
i aint sick only i havent got enny close to wair.
i keep hiting my arm agenst things all the time.
Beany he dident neether, but we did tonite.
tomorow me and Pewt is going pikerilling.
it is the esiest bote to row i ever rowd.
Pewt cougt 4 pikeril and 5 kivies and 3 pirch.
on the fourth i got bloan up with Pewts canon.
today i went in swiming up to sandy bottum.
i went up to Whacks agen today.
i bet i will beat sum of the fellers.
ferst i practised swiming fast bullfrog fashion.
then i div until my head aked like time agen.
i wont ever speak to enny of them agen.
Sam says it wont die til the sun goes down.
we get prety wet but we dont cair.
i am glad we aint mad enny more.
Boog got a bludy nose the second fite.
i gess i wont try to stay out all nite agen.
so you bet we dident yowl agen.
i tell you it made me feel loansum.
Beany dident get up til 12 oh clock.
2, 186- i had to get up feerful erly this morning.
The only decent thing he ever did was dying!
Me scared oo, mamma, he squealed ecstatically.
Oo t'ought me was a great big bear.
Just as grammatical in that respect as you are!
Why don't you say currish and be done with it?
She made an awful mistake, we all know that!
I don't know why--but I can't stand.
You asked for it, he replied tersely.
It was like blasting, she submitted.
Naw, he won't, now, snarled Copenny rancorously.
Thar will be a way ter stop his mouth.
Why, he is too leetle ter talk.
Copenny war so sure o the man an the mare!
_I_ never purtended to know either.
These arguments were all thrown away.
I came instantly, Julian repeated.
No, madam, he is as snug as a bug in a rug.
I feel like I hev been knifed, that's whut!
I'm in fur money ez sure ez ye air born!
I dream about money mighty nigh every night.
Never war sech another delightsome leetle creeter.
You mark my words: your pals are going to do you.
I ain't so particular bout the money, lady.
Does you-uns know that leetle foot?
Where is he now--where is this child?
They b'long ter we-uns--an gosh!
He called the people his uncles.
I deserved the talking to that papa gave me.
He had been a very bad, cruel, unkind boy.
He refused, and was very saucy to her.
But I'll bet he will beat her yet.
This was just what Souwanas was waiting for.
Now pull out your neck and head.
They treated him badly in many ways.
But what do you think about it, little sister?
On them you will have to browse for a living.
Great Nature owns her simple child!
Speak, son of the Woman Of scarlet and sin!
But woe to the heretic, Evermore woe!
Now, out upon thee, canting knave!
Now out upon thy hangman's face!
Dry up thy tears, young daughter of a chief!
through the town Drive the Quaker coward!
Waldron said; Satan hath bewitched the maid!
O perfumed suitor, spare thy smiles!
Hail, future men of Germanopolis!
Farewell, dear Germany Forevermore farewell!
AFTER THE DANISH OF CHRISTIAN WINTER.
Smite, Goodman Hate-Evil!--harder still!
I tread his order under my foot!
She will not come; she's one of us; she's mine!
Deitrich cried, and keep thy foul tongue still.
SUMMER BY THE LAKESIDE LAKE WINNIPESAUKEE.
Transfused through you, O mountain friends!
Rebuke me not, O sapphire heaven!
Ungirded, unsandalled, arise and away!
Their prison door is rent away!
PALESTINE Blest land of Judaea!
A FREE PARAPHRASE OF THE GERMAN.
Oh, wisdom which is foolishness!
--Vashista, translated by MAX MULLER.
Cast off the grave-clothes of thy sin!
In His name, Rise up, and break thy bonds of shame.
Do I smell your gums of incense?
PARAPHRASE OF SANSCRIT TRANSLATIONS.
The soul itself its awful witness is.
Nor in thy folly say, I am alone.
for the love of mercy, We're perishing and blind!
The whip on woman's shrinking flesh!
mothers from their children riven!
Are these the graves they slumber in?
And asks our haughty neighbor more?
Chief priests and rulers, as of old, combine!
Now, shame upon ye, parish Popes!
You are young; quite too young to be where you are.
Still, it is not too late to remember your Creator.
Smite from the church her leprous limb!
woe and fear To new-world tyrants, old-world kings!
LINES FROM A LETTER TO A YOUNG CLERICAL FRIEND.
joy To thy sick heart, O brown-locked boy!
A stain that shall never Bleach out in the sun.
Day of the Lord, of darkness and not light!
Fredome mayse man to haif liking.
Bane of the North, its canker and its moth!
Live, as the snake does in his noisome fen!
hark, The victor cried, to Heaven's decree!
Wherefore turn To the dark, cruel past?
for Meccatina, And its mountains bare and brown!
Oh, backward-looking son of time!
Down with the law that binds him thus!
Man is worth more than temples!
War fails, try peace; put up the useless sword!
play No trick of priestcraft here!
lightly down Drop time's snow-flakes on thy crown!
I own my debt Uncancelled by his failings!
All these and more I soon shall see for thee!
Outbound, your bark awaits you.
Part thy blue lips, Northern lake!
Moss-grown rocks, your silence break!
My face grows sharp with the torment; Look!
Thanks to the Troll-wife, I know his name!
I'm glad to see Your flying Yankee beat the Dutch.
I saw her at Cocheco, said the sick man.
He see nothing; he only feel de lick.
As the Lord lives, I had rather he had turned Turk!
There were three of them to be hanged at one time.
to the inhabitants of the earth!
Optimus animus est pulcherrimus Dei cultus.
You will see her often, he said.
God grant they mean us no evil!
Has the great chief forgotten his white friends?
I am not afraid of the Indians.
It is hurrying you to your grave.
I will never see another morrow!
She is mine before God and man.
I left her with a baby in her arms.
He spak to the spynnsters to spynnen it oute.
Take that for God's sake, said the ruffian.
Would you have had Oliver cut our throats?
what crimes have been committed in thy name!
He is in the North, the free North.
It originates nothing, it does nothing.
Why can't I have you come and see me?
Thus perished the hero poet of Cuba.
We are stronger, wiser, better, for them.
She will swallow a wonder by mere might and main.
and thy man crieth these things unto Thee!
May his life be long in the land.
The most shameless indecency polluted their pages.
The Pope roasts us, and we ll roast him!
THE BLACK MEN IN THE REVOLUTION AND WAR OF 1812.
T is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
Let their memory be green forever!
They become the pariahs of society.
In God's name, bring out your facts!
Fouler blasphemy than this was never uttered.
He learns nothing, acquires nothing, for himself.
His very personality is destroyed.
It can no longer be borne with by Heaven.
The nation needed one more terrible lesson.
UTOPIAN SCHEMES AND POLITICAL THEORISTS.
All his senses are dulled and perverted.
His mental state is still worse than his physical.
THE INNER LIFE THE AGENCY OF EVIL.
Do you not believe in the Devil?
A fourth is full of excuses and reasonings.
I can see that, as soon as I look at you, she said.
You've got a fine way to cure a sick man!
he repeated, with husky indignation.
Why can't you go at him the same way now?
Perhaps you left the jolly part of it out, mama.
What do you suppose he does like, mama?
That isn't his fault, poor child!
And make em believe I AM an outsider.
You stop thinking this very minute!
Yes, papa, she said, not moving.
We have a good deal of fun down there some days.
There are more ways than that of hurting people.
Oh, it provides for us well enough, mama.
Do you think you could get it done, mama?
Don't get any wrong ideas in your head.
PLEASE don't make me so much trouble!
If I take her, will you pay for a taxi?
You look mighty fine--MIGHTY fine!
Must like to throw his money around!
Walter, won't you PLEASE behave?
Why, you could made your FORTUNE that way!
So don't keep tryin to make me do it.
No; I'll tell you the way she feels.
Did it take all your courage, Frank?
Now you're trying to tease me, he said.
These rich always married one another.
I really AM more than six years old!
_I_ didn't say anything, mother.
I didn't think it would make you so angry.
You don't MIND, do you, old girl?
he said, and looked at her languidly.
What's the use of being cross with this old man?
Seems to me you're getting awful tetchy!
You sut'n'y the beatin'es white boy n is city!
Walter decided that her fit punishment was to know.
Did you get wet coming in, darling?
Do you mind if I read one, mama?
Yes, it was awful, Adams agreed.
Of course girls ALL do mean things sometimes.
I do a lot of things they hate.
What YOU lookin so self-satisfied about?
My, but you keep your hands goin!
What you doin walkin as close to him as all that?
Oh, never mind, mama, Alice said.
_I_ like the ole girl all right.
That would be crazy, of course.
Oh, that woman; Oh, that danged woman!
Of course you think it's nonsense, dearie.
You don't understand a thing about it.
I SAID you didn't know anything about it.
The young feller's getting along all right, is he?
Don't you know you're weak as a cat?
What you trying to do the polite with ME for?
You don't upset me, Adams said.
I can't help liking that old man, mama, she said.
You're jealous, are you, sonny?
Playing the hypocrite with your old man, are you?
So the rest of us must just bear it!
You certainly do belong to them.
What a contradictory girl you are!
Let's keep away from the kind of girl I am.
Let's keep first to the kind of man you are.
In the first place, she's your--your cousin.
I could tell you not to come, she said.
Will you let me come pretty often?
Matter enough to make me sick of being alive!
You know well enough what old man, Virgil Adams!
I won't hear any more such stuff!
I might tell him to his face what I think of him.
Do YOU ask me such a thing as that?
Then I'll tell you, she said in a cold fury.
These girls don't like ME, so they pick on Alice.
Quit your palavering and evading, she said.
But first I'm telling WHY she does it.
Oh, my heavens, but you're slow!
Poor thing, SHE tried hard enough!
You might as well have driven em, Virgil.
And what jewellery has she got?
Good Lord, Virgil Adams, wake up!
You---- Look here, now, he interrupted, angrily.
I don't want to hear any more of that!
He probably doesn't know a thing about it.
Suppose you trouble YOUR head about it!
I'll struggle for that till I die!
Yes, I have, and I'll keep on till I die!
To be a MAN--and I'll keep on till I die!
What a man thinks about a girl, for instance.
They'll find out what you do mind.
You'll let me keep on being unfair, won't you?
Not give the other girls a chance to get even?
That girl's talk must be full of it.
He didn't seem to mind your seeing him.
That's all HE'D think; don't you see?
I wonder he looks at me at all.
This is Satad'y night and I got a date.
Your mother's told you, hasn't she?
I'm not walkin out o Lamb's, see?
I'm not quittin down there: I stay with em, see?
I'd pay you about what you been getting down there.
Don't tell me what I got to do!
I know what I got to do better'n you, I guess!
Keep on not lettin me: I'll be there just the same.
They'll care enough to fire YOU, my boy!
Don't let me have it and I SWEAR I won't!
All I ask you is to get out o my room.
You make me sick, Adams said, in his bitterness.
I'm going to set you and Campbell at it.
Why, that's the doggonedest thing I ever heard!
You mean he still looks too bad to be out?
Didn't you let him get a word in all evening?
What kind of a man do I think you are?
He may seem to forget em, but he don't.
It's all your morbidness, Virgil.
Got men at it on all four floors and on the roof.
Do quit harping on that nonsense!
I don't deserve anything, and I know it.
I wasn't meaning to tell you I'm ENGAGED, mama.
No, ma'am; THAT'S not what he wants!
Don't you think perhaps it's too much, mama?
When a man's preoccupied there must be a lady then?
Mama, I don't think that was the reason.
I don't see what you mean, mama.
You don't want to look worn out, do you?
You folks expectin a coloured lady?
Ain't Miz Malena Burns here by the day this evenin?
Did you stick your finger with that fool needle?
Why, this young darky woman, he explained.
That's what you're dying to do.
Yes, your voice SOUNDS sorry, too.
Well, it ain't anything so terrible, he said.
Poor, poor, poor, POOR---- Hush, dear, hush!
Whyn't he TELL me, the dang little fool?
He DID tell you, and you wouldn't GIVE it to him.
What the dangnation you talking about--accusing me!
He thinks my boy and me both cheated him!
You and your wife just quiet down some.
Thinks we're ALL yellow, does he?
You look after your mother when she wakes up.
Wha'ssa matter that ole glue man?
Look like gone distracted--ole glue man!
THAT'S all you had to do; just put your sign up!
Why, you knew the boy was weak---- I did not!
Thinks I did it to get even with HIM!
Why, that dang fool of a Virgil Adams!
I don't see---- I'm going to TELL you, ain't I?
She wouldn't know whether I am or not, mama.
Funny--the way your mother looks at things!
What did you think about it, papa!
[*] Baron Johannes von Gumpach.
Take a head of garlic and pound it up to a pulp.
These men are generally old, and sometimes blind.
The writer has only erred through ignorance.
5. Chicken mashed to pulp, with ham.
You quietly look on unconcerned!
the ways of devils are full of guile!
The shapeless, voiceless imp-- Why worship him?
A warning notice to discard false doctrines!
These may all have been mastabas.
What are you at, my fine little men?
Shall I come in and cut off your threads?
TROTTER, his Man. Citizen of Chester.
Content thee, Trotter, I will go pacify them.
[Here he taketh Em about the neck.] EM.
I chide you, dame, to amend you.
Robert Windsor, and like your Majesty.
The more I look the more I love to look.
[Here he offers to kiss her.] EM.
Not with such men suspected amorous.
Trust me, my Lord, I am sorry for your hurt.
Keeper, away, I discharge you of your prisoner.
My Lord, here comes Lady Blaunch, lets away.
[Enter Valingford.] VALINGFORD.
Zounds, what a cross is this to my conceit!
This is God's judgement for her treachery.
Gentlemen, I fear your words are too true.
This is no desembling, Valingford.
Why, what a blind dunce are you, can you not see?
And play a part so hateful with his friend?
[Enter William, taken with soldiers.] WILLIAM.
Could any cross, could any plague be worse?
Go to, sirha, put up, it is to small purpose.
dare you lay your hands Upon your Soveraigne?
Is this the colour of your quarrel, Zweno?
And think you I conveyed away your daughter Blanch?
Thine own confession is sufficient proof.
Did I confess I stole your daughter Blanch?
Shameless persisting in thy ill!
I may be Blaunch, the Kind of Denmarks daughter.
[Enter Demarch with the Lady Blaunch.] DEMARCH.
You know her if you see her, I am sure.
And I say this: whereon I will lay as much.
Why, it is true, and you are both deceived.
I know full well, because they hand too high.
In the distance, the Janroopoortstoren.
A nightmare born of torrid days and tossing nights!
Don't sit here all day mooning.
And the difference is prison for you.
And incidentally you will be aiding me.
He fanned himself with a newspaper.
Policemen are probably like that.
It's still on, and I'll win it yet.
The American has confessed as much to me.
I won't be cheated out of it by a silly old dad.
I intended to have you released last night.
You know what that means, Von der Herts.
The Tower of London--and a firing squad!
To-day, shut up in my rooms, I was also planning.
Then, by the Lord Harry, she shall have them!
I don't know what they do with people like me.
Wing of Blue Swedish Duck 33 13.
Hanging Ducklings and Cutting Throat Veins 106 42.
Black sometimes occurs in the bean.
Plumage more than half white is a disqualification.
As in the Toulouse avoid any white flight feathers.
The latter practice, of course, stops the layings.
You are making a great mistake--you are, indeed.
And I am, yours truly, VON B----.
(_In Answer to a Sweep asking for a F.O.
No more now from Yours respectfully, TOMMY.
Yours professionally, SOLUBLE SALT, F.R.C.P.
Have you ever seen anyone drill like that before?
Says the Manager, By Jingo, I'm perplext.
* * * * * OH, SAUNDERSON, MY COLONEL!
Yours &c., THE MAN IN THE MOON.
Trust her not, she's fooling thee, Beware!
She wore a large ring of gold in her nose.
Certain captive boys came to us.
And with that, they (the Indians) went away.
Voices were heard which threatened Columbus's life.
The other channel trends E.N.E.
implying their ignorance or want of that article.
_Buazahca agoheda_, Give me a knife.
The 15th, 80 by day and 80 by night.
The 16th, 80 by day and 70 in the night.
The 17th, 90 in the day and 80 in the night.
The 18th, 100 in the day and 70 in the night.
The 3d, 40 miles by day and 50 in the night.
The 4th, 70 in the day and 30 in the night.
The king of it and all his people are Moors.
Their clothing is vile and poor.
Juzar Khan was wounded and made prisoner.
Seventeen of the Portuguese were here slain.
SMOKING UNFASHIONABLE: EARLY GEORGIAN DAYS 99 VIII.
Nothing, I warrant you; make chimneys a your faces!
It was smoked freely in the streets.
From One to Two Smoaked a Pipe and a half....
Dons smoked as well as undergraduates.
There is no warrant of any kind for segar.
with the smell of tobacco in my nostrils....
Even Quakeresses sometimes smoked.
Above the middle man is No dis been better.
I dunno why he stick it whey he did.
We didn talk, but jes fling up de dirt!
An when we dig down dere, sah, what you spose twas.
I have some indisputable proofs-- Good morning!
Fardorougha, The Miser PART I. PART II.
THE GEOGRAPHY OF AN IRISH OATH.
-- The Black Prophet Prophesies.
-- Condy Datton goes to Prison.
WILDGOOSE LODGE TUBBER DERG; Or, THE RED WELL.
MISTRESS GABRIELLE GOES PRIMROSING VII.
Michael Berrington, he screamed.
the son of that foul coward, Stephen Berrington?
He had used his little sister roughly.
I cursed him then, as I curse him now.
And he knew better than to come whining to me.
And Satan had led him to his own destruction.
No wonder Morice Conyers had mocked him.
As long as _you_ are not a traitor, what matter?
You're not your poor mother's son, else.
If it had been only---- Roast me, sir!
That's what I can't stand, Mike, d'you hear?
My son Michael--a rare buck I'll prophesy.
Present me, Conyers, he demanded.
And I also, mistress, he replied.
Your mother was Irish, I remember.
A moonlight rhapsody, he sneered.
I will not go, and that makes Morry angry.
Men may go, chere cousine, where maids may not.
Brittany bred daughters of better stuff than that.
Ha, ha, Mike, boy, drownsh it, drownsh it.
Why, you knowsh better'n I. He's with Moosoo.
Gran thing Marquish, but Morry's not proud.
Send all the demsh arist'crats to the guillotine.
Pretty girl, Gabrielle, Morry's shishter.
Morry'll dosh own work to ownsh tune.
Won't be dictated to by whipper-shnappers.
Quality, libertysh, fraternitish.
The Terror has not arrived here yet.
Come, a kiss, my little cabbage.
My poor little cousin, he has hurt you--the brute.
To--to their slayers, Monsieur.
As they will love you, Monsieur.
Our people would have no sympathy with him.
Afterwards I will go to my people.
It is because you are also Breton.
Proof must come first ere denunciation.
We ain't come to dig up corpses.
Or look for them, either, eh, Jack?
I have found the attraction already, fair mistress.
We shall see when Morice comes, she retorted.
Did the good fairies bring you, Gay?
Yes, I. Do not fear that I lie to you, child.
They were angry that you were not here.
Oh, no. He returned to Kernak last night.
Is that the reason you flout my lord?
He is not bad, only weak, like Morice.
I hate him, and yet he frightens me.
Gabrielle covered her face with her hands, moaning.
They told me you were a traitor, she said.
He is a cursed aristo; I have seen him.
We will deal with him according to justice.
By all the blessed saints I swear it, M'nsieur.
Stap me, sir, but you take it coolly, quoth he.
The speaker's tone was yet more insolent.
Do not lose your temper, I implore you, sir.
Is as much my enemy as that of my cousin here.
rapped out Morice peremptorily.
men of Brittany, are you such fools?
That is no Citoyen Varenac, he is an impostor.
As for that fellow, he is no Varenac but a liar.
Pierre Koustak will tell you I speak truth.
Hasten, Messieurs, or it will be too late.
it would be easy to die, rather than that.
The moment of a man's reward is sweet.
A warning not to be disregarded.
MILLS & BOON'S SHILLING NET NOVELS.
J. STORER CLOUSTON The Love Story of a Mormon.
LADY TROUBRIDGE The Mountain of God.
Do you dare to make threats to your Queen?
As for their gay attire of green, lo!
Spare the knight our champion and slay him not!
and some crying, God save you from destruction!
Go your way, and leave us in peace!
And he said: Welcome, welcome, fair lords!
Prepare thyself straightway for battle!
saying that word three times over.
After that we may deal with them as we please.
May God have pity upon me for I am most unhappy!
Sir Bors is here and awaiting thee.
thick, preparing and laying material.
thick; seven boys dormitories, each 30 ft.
at a time, and well rammed until solid.
long, and throw the earth on to it before using.
Must be stirred frequently while being used.
THE LANGLEYS V. MY GREAT DEED WAS TOO GREAT VI.
HERE IS MY THRONE--BID KINGS COME BOW TO IT VII.
HELENA KNOWS HERSELF, BUT NOT THE OTHER XIX.
I was tired, and slept like a dog.
I accept it, said the Dictator.
It was an old lady dressed in black.
You must be so tired, my dear, so very tired.
The wretches, the wicked wretches!
Why, you would be as bad as I used to be, he said.
Why, said Miss Ericson, what nonsense this is!
He smiled back at the white gentleman.
Let me see much of you now that you have come back.
I guess that always appeals to you.
I think he was a Portuguese originally.
What was he like, mentally, physically, every way?
I beg your pardon, ma'am, he said.
Doesn't a strong man always get to the front?
Made themselves nasty, answered Hiram.
I don't want compliments; I hate and detest them.
Do you think I can't understand?
When Gloria calls me to go back to her I will go.
And he only said, Oh, nonsense!
Oh, come now!--the Dictator, of course.
But you can't want to miss your Dictator?
I am so sorry, the Dictator said.
But what is the use if she is not coming?
I do not care to vex myself about them.
Everything is taken with easy ridicule.
It isn't even London social life.
I shall do nothing of the kind!
They are, I dare say, the Dictator said carelessly.
She must be, the Dictator said earnestly.
I shall be delighted, the Dictator replied.
but you are looking bad, child!
Is he going back to his own country?
It isn't common sense, you know.
You two would be quite enough, I dare say.
Dear young lady, you challenge me like a sentry.
I want to look after the Dictator.
perhaps of her more especially.
Some gents are so stuck-up, don't you know.
I have come from South America.
You hain't nothin to do with me.
Down in the East End, don't you know?
Look here, Sarrasin said, angrily interfering.
Answer the lady at once, you confounded scoundrel!
Now get away--and set us free from your presence.
Very likely, the Dictator said carelessly.
It is of no use, the Dictator said.
I begin to be afraid about myself now.
You are right, boy, the Dictator cheerily said.
No fear of that, boy, the Dictator said.
Dear old boy, what _is_ the matter with you?
And Professor Flick is just as bad.
I'll go and see her after this act.
Men can always find companionship.
You are too good, Mr. Ericson, too good.
A very good idea, said the Dictator.
I have my cab outside, the Dictator said.
As he drove he was thinking over the Americans.
I suppose so, the Dictator answered.
You would not understand, of course.
Come, you are only laughing at me.
I see, the Dictator said with a smile.
Do you come from the Southern States, Professor?
I am a sort of Spaniard, you know.
Lick and Flick are so much alike.
And I don't know one little bit about sciences.
It's absurd to make such a fuss about this fellow.
You fool!--and you answered her in Spanish?
Good heavens, what a fool you are!
Copping asked fiercely, standing up.
I smoke here every night, and Sarrasin too, mostly.
But he left them to imprisonment for life.
Come what will, I know I am not a coward!
I want to get at your own knife.
Have you your senses about you?
The Dictator said these words with a purpose.
Copping whispered ferociously into his ear.
You are always bullying me, the big man whimpered.
Now I am getting sick of all that, don't you see?
No you don't--you bet you don't!
Until I have won my fight, and can claim you.
She was clinging around his neck.
And I am very glad you did, papa!
took me into his room and left us.
What does it matter, now I'm dying?
Was she young and lovely, or was she getting on?
It is really providential that I am what I am.
A more miserable-looking set of people I never saw.
You said you had them on you day and night.
Won't be bothered any more about them.
You insult _me_ in insulting my friend, sir.
You have done it now, and no mistake.
He was making himself worse every moment.
You are going to your uncle in Dublin, are not you?
I don't think she can be coming at all.
Is it about what happened last night?
I hate Ralph to see me with red eyes.
Middleton, you had better go back in the cart.
I don't think you will get on, sir.
He was a foreigner, and no mistake.
Why, you ain't never going yet?
No; he seems to be entirely a Frenchman.
Why do you have pins in your mouth, Mrs. Jones?
We shall get there first, because he is lame.
You have found it for yourself.
He's not a common donkey, she said, with pride.
What a round of gayety Molly's life is!
I was spoiled as a child, and look at me!
He is handsome, too, in his foreign way.
You are not going away, are you?
Men did not, of course, care for him so much.
Drive slowly under these trees, Dare.
Then I take no more punch in the future.
From a gell I suffered in my inside.
I'm worse than Raca, as Molly said.
I don't think he made himself so.
You intend to refuse me, I can see.
And all the while you were engaged to another man!
repeated the sick man, testily.
Now I have as good as told you.
She might as well finish it now.
Hesitate, and it will be too late!
Her decision was final, and he knew it.
(to the lady on his other side).
Would she believe this vile calumny?
I get into a bad set, what you call undesirable.
Nothing in the eyes of an Englishman.
Dare and Evans you both come on with me.
I'm come down from Birmingham after him.
You may as well go and find my stick.
Always sit down when you can't stand.
I bring sorrow upon her I love.
The gentleman's come to see im.
I won't have my own name dragged in.
Do you mean that the divorce was---- Divorce, bosh!
Then, as Charles bent over him, Closer; bend down.
There is no one to tell if you don't.
His breath came hard and thick.
I'll tell the old woman to be about.
You let me go all through the night first.
You made it sufficiently obvious.
I don't care a red cent what you say.
I go to Vandon, and she will not go away.
pressing invitation to to come down...
THE CRIME OF SYLVESTRE BONNARD.
The Translation and Introduction by LAFCADIO HEARN.
THE ARMY CORPS--HAS NOT LEFT ENGLAND!
All will be done that man can do.
Not for your side: that I cannot wish you.
No Boers are to be seen talking to Englishmen.
_Brown-faced man._ Free State, same as you do.
Every loyal man in South Africa knows them.
Do not forget, either, the doctors of the enemy.
And now what does it feel like to be bombarded?
Then they went out and counted the corpses--230.
We are learning lessons every day from the Boer.
You squirm between iron fingers.
And the men had all gone to earth, of course.
Interred in Ladysmith Cemetery at midnight.
I don't believe one word of ancient history.
No. Oh well, you won't care to see it.
I guess it'll be better if she doesn't come now.
Change seats with me, boy, he said.
Did you ever talk to a lunatic?
Say, you won't tell mother, will you?
You'll curl up and die if you do that, he said.
You simply can't do it, that's all.
She's saved it all for me, boy.
You don't know what you are doing.
And you want me to be accessory to your--crime.
He drew her in and shut the door.
You haven't a thing to do with it, Porter.
Silly---- You say that, but you don't mean it.
The General chuckled, She'll do.
I know a gentleman when I see one, Porter.
He loved your mother and missed her.
And all the rest of us are as poor as poverty.
You wouldn't want me that way, Porter.
I've had enough scolding for one day.
But in the end I'm going to--win.
Perhaps he was already her accepted lover.
And yet you've never lived your own life.
And she'll shrivel to his measure of her.
Barry always turned it out when he came.
It isn't your brother, he said.
For one night he would let himself go.
His pulses throbbed as he watched her.
Whittington shall marry her, marry her, marry her!
It isn't a mood with you, it's your life.
But I'd rather die fighting than smothered.
Tell me now and get the agony over.
Barry, Mary expostulated, behave yourself.
And it isn't just that he is irresponsible.
You haven't the training or the experience.
she asked, and she seemed breathless.
Please don't think I'm a coward, she begged.
There will always be some one to fight yours.
Take it off and let me look at your eyes.
Make a weak man strong, I mean?
I'm not saying that because am a conceited donkey.
I'll put you opposite her at dinner.
Come and see, and be conquered.
But you don't know anything about it.
Oh, you are cold, Roger said, and I am keeping you.
That will set you up, little lady.
And she doesn't want to be smothered.
I do not think that I am a coward.
And the review was not a pleasant one.
I don't see half enough of you.
I ain't known you all your life for nothin.
I have shut myself up for many years.
The rest of us probably deserve what we get.
Faithfully and gratefully always, ROGER POOLE.
But I'm an old man, and she is such a child.
Until you teach her that I'm not--fit?
He is doing it for your good, Barry.
Doesn't Poole make a living down there?
Then why do you let him hang around you?
But, sweetheart, you'd be--poor.
It is because I've got to fight--devils.
So little and young to deal with a thing like this.
Oh, the little white face with the shining eyes!
Leila, you are making it hard for me.
I was thinking of my carroty head.
She looks like you, Delilah told him.
Except for her nose, she's a Ballard.
If you think you are going to fail, you'll fail.
I know you can, dear boy, she bent and kissed him.
You know I'm not going to let you.
You haven't anything to do with it.
Find me one, mother, and I'll marry him.
But you're trying to be all head, dear child.
Then I drew myself up in an attempt at haughtiness.
Now look at yourself, he commanded.
But some day she'll let me do them.
Did you ever tell her that you wanted to do it?
She always has a sense of possible release.
You are living once more, aren't you?
Porter won't care, just so he gets you.
I wonder why we are so foolish.
A man can always make out a case for himself.
You're such a quiet little mouse.
You must not put these ifs in their way.
Packed trains bring the people.
That's their way of expressing themselves.
After Roger went away, I saw her picture.
Oh, poor little widow, poor little child!
Because you have tried work--and it has failed.
You have tried independence--and it has failed.
You haven't even a pulpit to preach from.
Is that the way with all women?
All the people are crazy about her.
He dropped my arm and looked down at me.
A FRIEND IN TROUBLE V. A TANGLED NET VI.
THE PATHFINDERS X. THE SIGNAL SMOKES XI.
And that's a splendid idea, Dolly.
Oh, I think I would have, Dolly.
I wouldn't mind seeing Lolla get off, Dolly.
I don't think she's as bad as the others.
She was treacherous and lied to you.
I don't think I want anyone to be punished, Dolly.
They stick to one another, don't they?
That's what's the matter with you, Dolly.
Over there, a man can't call his soul his own.
But you are going to be, remember that.
In Poland, it was just the same.
Why, there ain't nothin to be nervous about!
We think a sight of him down there.
He's a fine man, m'am; yes, indeed, a fine man!
I ain't never been to law myself.
CHAPTER V A TANGLED NET Arrested?
Why, Charlie, I never heard anything so absurd!
He puts me on the defensive, right away.
They were indicted, you know, for kidnapping.
Niles isn't handling the case right.
You won't do any more damage, I guess.
Here, I'll ease youse a bit so youse can talk.
John will go to jail for six months.
And I don't know that it's such a bad thing.
I never saw anything like these girls of yours.
You don't want to be last, do you?
I'll beat you next time, you two!
Then you'd know what a real scolding is like.
I used to, but I'm sort of sorry for her, Dolly.
Well, I hate her, just the same!
Don't be too confident yet, Dolly.
And they are the silliest things, sometimes!
Look back there where we came from!
That's the only thing that makes us safe.
Why don't you go to the land you're allowed to use?
We're going to stay here just as long as we like!
You wouldn't want that, would you?
Remember that we're in the right.
She can get angry, all right, Dolly, she said.
And do you see these screens that you can let down?
Once on the ground, her task was easy.
I don't think you mean to be wicked, any of you.
It isn't American; that's the worst thing about it.
They can't be doing that for fun.
All they want to do is to bother us.
We want to make them see they're not wanted here.
I might have known you wouldn't do anything sneaky.
Whatever did you do to them, Dolly?
I never heard such a noise in my life!
All the girls will have to suffer for what you did.
They have a better right to be here than you have.
But then she doesn't know any better.
yr humble Srvt Jno Rich Dramatis Personae Men.
Quacks, Turks, Enthusiasts, and Fire Eaters.
One at a time, You must come on but one at a time.
Hyd: Why you are the very Yorick of the Age.
I think I have some Fun in me demme.
Most proper, Your humble Servant Seignior.
That will hit my plans exactly, Madam.
Knock him down; beat him to Mummy.
Why, you Rascal, do you think I am afraid.
Sir you don't know half the Villany of these Men.
Does he not speak very well Hydra!
and what you have uttered is a Libell.
Extremely ridiculous I vow; and very Iust.
by degenerating to a Public Sycophant.
be sure to be Severe, give us no Quarter.
Not if I know it, madame ma mere.
What, Monsieur Dessin, you must be off?
Spit him like a lark; he is only a boy.
This is a creature of a political enemy.
I will not submit to it, sir; I will not have it.
Your respect and duty are due to your mother.
You feel that yourself, do you not, sir?
This man is not worthy of you, madam.
Your grandson is more than a match for me.
They fought, and your son was worsted.
That's right, lad; that's right and proper.
Bustle up, mother, there bain't no time to lose.
Hugh was attacked by the other.
What may be your name, mistress?
the fencing master said, pointing to his temple.
It is, the newcomer said, with an angry scowl.
Keep out of the line of fire, Hugh.
Are you a coward, too, sir, as well as a ruffian?
You think he was mad to insult me.
Did you think I was never coming?
Dear me, what impatient creatures boys are!
I doubt not that these Dutchmen mean us no harm.
I suppose that is that rascal Fulke, Rupert said.
They have as many lives as cats.
That's right, lads, that's right.
Let us bury this poor little child.
after me; and I have received threatening letters.
He is desperate, and, as you know, relentless.
But are you not stabbed, Master Rupert?
We will find her, he said, wherever she be.
Suddenly the real attack began.
It is all you deserve, Monsieur le Duc.
Oh, oh, mademoiselle, an English boy!
And now let me look at you, Monsieur Rupert.
You will come with papa, won't you?
You have already done more than harm enough.
Oh, monsieur, but you are sly, you and l'Anglaise.
Are you dressed as Monsieur d'Etamps lackey still?
And that is all you will say, prisoner?
You will never go out alive unless you do.
Or did you kiss Madame de Maintenon?
And now goodbye, and may fortune attend you.
These poor brutes have gone thirty already.
There is no hanging matter in that.
Perhaps mademoiselle will like to go below.
Eugene was wounded in the head.
Did you ever hear a crazy man laugh?
No, sir; I'm going to jump, and so are you.
That last impulse to destroy me has never left him.
Just watch your ropes and take it easy.
They say my face was black as a coal.
Touch one of these lines, and you touch his life.
I have ways enough of dying as it is, says he.
He'll tell you if that ain't right.
They said they weren't that kind of fools.
And he went up hanging by his foot?
Now, cut her quick, soon as I climb in.
Why don't you give up the life?
I'll introduce you to the boys.
What kind of men make bridge-men?
Did he come over with a good lift?
I can still see his chest swell with pride.
Stiffen out and chuck him back to Tom.
See, hang by your hands, like this.
It wouldn't take much to break his back.
You wouldn't get a man to do it blindfolded?
They get chloroform same as a person.
You know he lets me put my head in his mouth.
What ye lookin at, little boys?
Yes, went on Bostock, he's wild enough.
Oh, you'd better believe he came!
Poor fellow got in his cage by mistake.
He did that twice a day for over a year.
He couldn't turn coward if he tried.
Do you mean that a white spark wouldn't do it?
Say, you'd oughter seen the boys run!
She's willing and gentle, sir, and easy running.
Got to: you hit it up, and I'll skin her.
That is where he works, poor lad!
A blast sweeps in like an arctic hurricane.
You see, she ain't mine any more.
More likely a mule, said another.
There's nothing so tough as the hind leg of a mule.
Bet you she'd had some trouble.
Let us leave such distinctions to the Inquisition.
That establishment was rude enough.
She died by the hands of Sampiero.
The women are everywhere royalist.
It was for them your war was really useful.
Disenchanted and bitter, he then turned to France.
Do not conceal, but concentrate, your attack.
You are two feeble creatures with no defense.
Whatever the truth, the attack was made.
Diminish the number of your enemies.
Humiliation of the Papacy and of Venice[69].
Dorion, Eric, L'Enfant Terrible, 13, 14, 55.
Unreality and artificiality face you at every step.
Sachs supports him, and he wins.
CHARLIE AND ARABELLA CHICK No. 14.
NEDDIE AND BECKIE STUBTAIL No. 16.
BULLY AND BAWLY NO-TAIL No. 20.
D-o-g, spelled Jumpo, as nicely as could be.
I'll eat you all, even the owl teacher!
No, that stayed fast on the monkey boy.
The note said: Dear Jacko and Jumpo.
You do make the funniest faces, Jumpo.
I--I guess I'm not sick enough for that.
Just tell teacher that I can spell cow now.
Then they will be good for sick Jumpo.
That will be the last thing you do.
I have you fast, just where I want you.
One side can be Indians, and the other white men.
I'll keep them back until you get away.
You can't get away from me this time.
But when--when are you going to eat us?
You haven't one about you I suppose?
I'm the jolliest trained bear you ever saw.
Oh, I guess I'll have to stay here forever!
I'm going to wait until Jacko catches up to me.
I think I'll go out so the fox won't eat me.
her dollie was nowhere to be seen.
I was thinking of the burglar fox, went on Jacko.
Perhaps it is one of the Bushytail brothers.
Come on, boys, said their papa.
Why, the very preposterous idea!
It's this way, his mamma explained.
Oh, bless you, no, said their mamma.
That's right, said Jumpo, sniffing his nose.
You are always up to some tricks.
You need gasoline, just as I did.
Never mind, spoke their mamma, I'll help you.
And this time I'll help you roast them, said Jacko.
No, I'm not going to eat you, said the bear.
And I'm not going to let you go.
I will prove it to you, said Jumpo.
Did you bring the pipes, Jimmie?
You get right out of here, you bad bear!
Are you really going to eat me?
You can't get away, and you can't eat me!
I am a chirping black cricket, was the answer.
No, indeed; we're two monkey boys, spoke Jacko.
What are you monkey boys doing here?
He'll be wanting to eat me next.
Is that going to be a tent, Jumpo?
Do you think your airship will sail, Jumpo?
I guess my mamma is calling me.
Oh, that's too bad, said Jumpo.
You just get it down and smell of it.
You look like a fuzzy, white, woolly dog.
Mugsie Smugsie was a bad sort of a monkey boy.
Shame on you to make fun of Jacko.
Shame on you for making fun of Jacko.
Now I'm going to have a good dinner!
Mind thy paper, and give over spying!
* * * * * NOTES OF A READER * * * * * THE JEWS.
THE GENIAL SPORT OF GENEALOGISTS.
MEN OF THE SOUTH WERE NEVER REBELS.
I will not listen to such talk.
General Scott is not a traitor.
PLACE IN PUBLIC LIFE ONLY FOR PICKED MEN.
LIQUOR DEALERS COME OUT FOR TEMPERANCE.
THAT GREAT MYSTERY, THE COMMON TABBY.
RUDYARD KIPLING'S LYRIC TO LIES.
They must check this mad monster.
Only God can aid us here, said Boisberthelot.
On the one side blind force, on the other a soul.
Above all, do not travel in white kid gloves.
At no time talk about it to gentlemen.
Avoid giving invitations to bores.
Find me, and turn thy back on heaven.
I'd like to see his face once before I die.
APTNESS AT PUNISHING THE PUNCH.
BRIDEGROOM NAMED A BABY AS SECOND WIFE.
BIG FORTUNES FOUND IN DISEASED WHALES.
ONE LEVIATHAN YIELDED $100,000.
He has even been known to play with the girls.
Ye stand here now like giants, as ye are!
If we must fight, let us fight for ourselves!
BEAUX AND GALLANTS OF FORMER DAYS.
Night comes before you can turn around.
But I say, what if he didn't treat her very well?
Dear, dear, every day things are getting worse!
Turkey places Christians on equality with Moslems.
And I had an answer telling me to come on.
If money'll get you, I'll have you.
Come out of society, says I. I can't.
Here he giv himself another tremendious one.
_Smart Set._ GOLF IN CACTUS CENTER.
they never had no chance, Had any of our yatches.
I have too much respect for the Italians.
GENERAL REMARKS ON THE NORTHERN INHABITANTS.
Two or three chillun et out of de same bowl.
Dey was heavy and had wool in em too.
He has also buried four chillun.
The same week that gal's baby over there died.
The reason fer this is cause women is bad luck.
She cursed and said I ain't go conjure you.
(A profane word was used instead of devils).
He got a knot on his side, ain't he?
I see it there where he hangs his harness.
Go right in dat dere room and you'll find her.
Dem days us never knowed what pillows was.
Chillun minded better dem days dan dey does now.
I've seed plenty of ha'nts right here in Athens.
I ain't never been to no more sich doin's.
I knows bout dat cause I et some of dat barbecue.
I know, cause my Mammy done told me so.
Lovie was one of the bestest gals what ever lived.
Lovie's done been daid 15 years now.
I reckon I knows when I'se tired.
Oh Missy, dem was good old days.
I most busted, I wanted ter laugh so bad.
Dem days of real feelin an keerin is gone.
Most of them died on the plantation.
I waren't nothin but chillun when freedom come.
I done seed em married that way many a time.
We visited round each other's cabins at night.
He told us: You all jus as free as I is.
I didn give Liza no chanc't for to dress up.
Mos of our chilluns died babies.
When I knowed nothin I wuz dar on de plantation.
Dey didn't know what stoves wuz in dem days.
I ain't seed no socks til long atter de War.
Truth is de light, an he wuz one mean white man.
Old Mist'ess wuz heaps better dan him.
Dar wuz bout 150 mens an 75 omans.
I couldn't keep up wid de chilluns.
When I knowed nothin I wuz right whar I wuz at.
De patterollers wuz right on dey job.
Yes Ma'am, dere wuz one thing dey wuz good bout.
You don't b'long to me no more.
She died bout thirteen years ago.
He had to come and ask my white folks for me.
We had to ask em to let us go to ohurch.
Nancy, wasn't your mistress kind to you?
Heap o little chillun slep on de flo.
Dey let us knock off for funerals, I tell de truth.
Us stay up all night, singin and prayin.
My master dus tole us we was free.
Day look dus like a person, walkin in de woods.
I runs ev'y squeech owl away what comes close, too.
I ain't know no signs to raise chillun.
She had three chillun and I nussed em.
One of em died way out yonder where dey sont em.
Dere wuz jus da two of us chilluns.
It wuz a big plantation, and dey really lived.
Now I has to wash so I kin live.
Does I lak to talk bout when I wuz a chile?
You just have to make em have deyselves.
I'll tell you what dat overseer done one night.
My mama died the year of surrender.
She'd lash us with a cowhide whip.
The granny put a ax under my mattress once.
This wuz the best thing fur asthma.
We used a lot o sich lye, too, to bile with.
They had babies in thar and raised em too.
I feels rich seein what you brought me.
Oh, this balogny, jest looky there!
You must a knowed what I wanted!
He wuz cut up and crushed to pieces.
He goes round and people gives him a little t'eat.
Lawdy, chile, them wuz tryin days.
Ah don't know why my visitor done me lak that.
Dere warn't nothin lackin on dat plantation.
Us had our own blacksmith dat wukked all de time.
Yes, Boss-man I remembers my mule.
There was belt buckles all over me.
love me lak you useter, O Jane!
Remember, your closest friend is your worst enemy.
I had no time for sich foolishness.
We didn't know we wuz free until a year later.
I had ter whip that little devil ter day.
Some uv'em stayed there and some uv'em left.
Us left and moved ter another plantation.
The rest of the whisky they filled with spit.
Yes Ma'am, us had plenty possums.
Us chillun didn't know when Sunday come.
You ever see any saddle bags, ma'am?
Oh my Gawd, I saw plenty wounded soldiers.
Our cook wuz all time feedin us.
Dere wuz so many chilluns dey fed us in a trough.
Den dey put em on pants made open in de back.
Dey buried de omans in da windin sheets.
Dey had to be kept chained up in de daytime.
All de time, us had to wuk in de fields.
It wuz white and went in a grave.
They were usually just from Africa.
Listen, Child, I am telling you the truth.
Our white friends named our children.
I don't member my Pa. Mamma had four chillun.
I jus lak to have died when my Mamma died.
My brothers said I was plum crazy dat day.
Four of our seven chillun is still livin.
Dey done it cause dey wanted to.
Dey wuz workin for deyselves den.
On Sadday night, ma bathed all her chillun.
I don't know what de other famblies done den.
Colored folkses had dey place in de gallery.
Ma said But de white folkses ain't et yet.
Ma took all four of us chillun and run a good farm.
Some folks need to be punished now.
Dey jus called em yard boys den.
is now, and right dar is whar I was born.
Folks jus died out wid it so bad.
I mighty well member de fust wuk I ever done.
I wuked for him bout 12 or 14 years.
My wife and me wouldn't part wid it for nothin.
I don't know whar my Daddy come from.
Dey slept mighty good lak dey was.
Chillun never had no wuk to do.
And den pine away And den go to die.
Why does you search For all dese earthly things?
jus lak dey had done been wukkin hard all mornin.
Our preacher told us to sarve both our marsters.
Well, she was jus as good as she looks.
All were fed from a trough like little pigs.
Yes, if your laigs is long enough!
Underskirts was made de same way.
I don't member if he tuk de chillun round.
Dey was de devil turned a-loose.
Dey done anything dey was big nough to do.
Dere warn't no frolickin cept on Sadday night.
Christmas warn't much diff'unt f'um other times.
Us sung all de time us was shuckin corn.
Dere was a lot of dem old shuckin songs.
You could hear em most any night.
Dem ha'nts was too much for me.
Isaac, my boy, has got four chillun.
My old man died bout two years ago.
Truly, these were well-behaved Yankees!
O, I never has forgot dat last dinner wid my fokes!
And she say, hush, chile, dat's a hant!
I been seein im fur severrel years!
You look mighty peak-ked dis morning.
I ain gwine into somepin I don't know nuttin about.
My husband didn put no composin on me.
He spent it on a woman in Edgefield.
She was a pretty thing, yeah, I knowed her well.
I done had six chillun before I come to Augusta.
I never fool wid it no more it skeered me so.
Yas'm, she got jus as pretty face now!
I done mark three of my chillun.
My sister-in-law made me ruin't my other child.
I knowed den he ain got long for here.
She was about 20 years old and a good boy.
And Miss you know I had to take dat child back!
I bin here and done took your mother.
I bin here and done took your sister!
Now I'm a-comin to take your husband!
Talking to me like-dat in de broad open daytime!
I commence a runnin', cryin inside.
He drink some and wanted me to finish it.
His first cousin tooked it and drank it.
Um gwine help, and de Lord gwine help you too.
For a sty in de eye we nused to say: Sty!
You see dat call em a lie and dey go on off.
I done dat and dey ain bother me since.
I nused to have a old man stay here wid me.
Dey ain't never stopped fightin yit.
Dem what was big nough had to wuk.
Dem shirts was made jus lak mother hubbards.
Boy, you gimme dat peach, he commanded.
What was dat you was a-axin bout jails, Miss?
Deir time was all tuk up in de field at wuk.
Dey didn't have to wuk on Saddays atter dinnertime.
My mind jus don't wuk right no more.
Dem yankees was on de go all de time.
Us didn't have no chillun and Mamie's daid now.
P'raps its the cold, Mr. Hardesty.
What the d----l has become of my breeches!
What's the matter now, you little fool?
Does he keep a tight eye over you?
No, I ain't, but I suspect some one else is.
Any part, replied Kornicker, carelessly.
Then you do yourself d----d great injustice.
Do _anything_--but keep HIM off!
Don't give in so, my old feller.
The man?--is he used up, or what?
This cursed room is enough to suffocate one.
Do you expect the rain to melt you?
He clapped his hand over her mouth.
I can't hear for the d----d dog!
This blasted old fool will keep us all night.
You shall taste what you are so ready to give!
God only knows what may have driven him to this.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE KNICKERBOCKER.
GANGUERNET: OR, A CAPITAL JOKE.
that's it, you are so puffed up.
since I have missed you, defend yourself!
Ernest has left France to die in a foreign land.
Then, if an irascible man, you curse.
MEXICO: AS IT WAS AND AS IT IS.
I'm a sheep myself, almost; _b-a-a-h_!
I don't mind you nor your family neither.
But the fact I suppose was this, Mr. WHITEHAT.
What's the good of SHAKSPEARE, PIP?
. . . YOU don't like smokin', taint likely?
Deor, you're pulling my hair out.
You can't, said Tiny, with feminine contempt.
You've never cried since, surely, said Tiny.
I have almost to lug him out of bed o mornings.
don't lean so; you'll tipple me over!
I beg your pardon, Grandmother.
There goes my knitting, you awkward lad!
Did they give him any wages, Granny?
Matters are provoking enough of themselves.
Will you mind your own business, and go to sleep?
And what are Brownies like, pray?
Are there no Brownies but children?
They know more, and laugh less.
I couldn't stand boggarty children.
They had a large party last night.
I wish he'd measured you, Johnnie.
I say they are peasants peacefully driving cattle.
leave me alone, for I deserve it.
Amateur toys are mostly very dowdy.
You don't mean to say you have any toys here?
You remember what I was, do you?
Flatten her nose on the pavement!
Saw off her legs and give her no crinoline!
I shall die to-night, he piped.
The tutor was grotesque-looking at any time.
Macready, love, come to your mamma, my pretty lamb.
No, I don't, said Amelia, rudely.
--and send her below, added the dwarf.
Get the measure well into your head.
Where are these to be kicked to?
If she does not come, I will not.
the pills, the powders, and the draughts!
Frightening little monster, isn't it, Bullard said.
CMD GENERAL CMD GENERAL NO HELP NEEDED.
TODAY FOUND OUT METAL IN MECHANISM IS VERY HARD.
IN CONSTANT RADIO TOUCH WITH FROMER.
SAYS WILL TAKE TIME TO WORK OUT.
43.4SC MUST HAVE ESTIMATE WHEN DOOR OPENS.
OUR BIOLOGISTS SAY R'THAGNA BAR SLEEPY SIGNIFICANT.
MAY BE PRELUDE TO SEEDING TIME.
PRESSURE HERE TO SEND YOU HELP.
CMD GENERAL CMD GENERAL NO ESTIMATE POSSIBLE.
RLY 43.4SC IMPORTANT YOU AMPLIFY LAST MESSAGE.
COLOR ON STOMACH PINK AND YELLOW WITH BLUE SQUARES.
QUEMOS It went on like this for several more days.
There's no argument, old man--it's open warfare.
Bound to happen sooner or later, old man.
But you might as well, I suppose.
And, God knows, you couldn't supply it anyway.
FRIEDRICH WILL MAKE MEN HAPPY: CORN-MAGAZINES.
AND EVERY ONE SHALL GET TO HEAVEN IN HIS OWN WAY.
FREE PRESS, AND NEWSPAPERS THE BEST INSTRUCTORS.
[Kuster, _Characterzuge des &c.
There is no Freedom in that Country.
thrice, with all their throats.
Which is not well possible either.
Do in my favor whatever your humanity allows.
PARTICULARS OF FIRST INTERVIEW, ON SEVERE SCRUTINY.
&c.] No. 2. VOLTAIRE'S DRIVE THITHER.
Give us back Herstal; it ought to be ours!
FRIEDRICH TAKES THE ROD OUT OF PICKLE.
VIEW OF FRIEDRICH BEHIND THE VEIL.
Plenty of employment coming for Your Serenity.
Think, I conjure you, what you are getting into!
Witness the innumerable a la soandsos.
Imperial spies and informers were omnipresent.
It was outrageous, sacrilegious!
TO IMPROVE A BROTH WITH A BAD ODOR.
THE NEXT DAY THE WINE WILL BE CLEAR [1].
ASHES OF VINES HAVE THE SAME EFFECT.
He says, _Alias die erit candidum_ while Tor.
_Qui liquamen corruptum corrigatur_.
COOKED MEAT MAY BE TREATED LIKEWISE.
MAKE THEM IN THIS MANNER]: 1 LB.
OF AMMONIAC SALT, GROUND [List.
WHEN DONE ADD BROTH AND VINEGAR.
I. FORCEMEATS, SAUSAGE, MEAT PUDDINGS, MEAT LOAVES.
FIRST PARBOIL THE SAUSAGE THEN FRY THEM AND SERVE.
PARBOIL SAUSAGE, FRY LIGHTLY, OR SERVE THEM BOILED.
I. TO BOIL ALL VEGETABLES GREEN.
VEGETABLE DINNER, EASILY DIGESTED.
YOUNG CABBAGE, SPROUTS, CAULIFLOWER.
IT IS ALSO NICE TO COOK A CHICKEN IN WITH THEM.
III [72] ASPARAGUS _ASPARAGOS_ ASPARAGUS [Tor.
BEFORE SERVING SPRINKLE WITH PEPPER [2].
_Pugnum salis_--a fist of salt--he prescribes here.
_Porros in bacca coctos_; List.
DISHES OF FISH, VEGETABLES, FRUITS, AND SO FORTH.
FINELY MINCED DISHES, OR _ISICIA_.
WINE [2] POURED OVER BEFORE SERVING [3].
THEREUPON BREAK AND ADD 8 EGGS.
ADD A LITTLE OIL; HEAT [bake] AND SERVE [3].
BREAK EGGS [in another bowl] AND BEAT THEM.
_minutal de piscibus vel Isiciis_.
TO HAVE A GOOD TARENTINE DISH, THEY MUST BE TENDER.
I. PULSE, MEAL MUSH, PORRIDGE, ETC.
GREEN STRING BEANS AND CHICK-PEAS.
And perfection is synonymous with decay.
[178-183] PULSE _PULTES_ [1] [1] Tor.
_insuper oleum uiridem mittis_; Tor.
WHEN DONE CRUSH IT IN THE MORTAR [4].
OF TID-BITS [3] CUT LITTLE DICE.
SERVE WITH CRUSHED PEPPER AND SAUSAGE [2].
Tempting of course is quite common.
WHEN HALF DONE, TO GIVE IT COLOR, ADD REDUCED MUST.
MASK THE WOOD PIGEON OR SQUAB WITH IT.
HEAT AND WHIP IT WELL WITH CELERY AND SATURY [1].
PARROT IS PREPARED IN THE SAME MANNER.
[232] ANOTHER WAY _ALITER_ ROAST THE BIRD.
_lavabis_, for which there is no reason.
RETIRE THE BUNCHES OF GREENS, ADD MILK TO TASTE.
[2] Preferably raw pork or veal.
III FIG-FED PORK _FICATUM_ [1] [1] Tor.
_sumis_, i.e. broth of the pork.
WHEN CONGEALED SPRINKLE WITH PEPPER AND SERVE [3].
_facies ut bulliat_--which is monstrous.
SPRINKLE WITH A LITTLE PEPPER AND SERVE.
PUT IN A DISH AND TIE WITH ROUX [1].
SPRINKLE WITH PEPPER AND SERVE UP.
_syringiatus_ (_id est mammotestus_).
MOISTEN WITH BROTH AND SEASON WITH SALT.
I'll deprive you of your life this day!
The Chief Cook sayeth: Go over there, boy!
WRAP IT IN CAUL OR PARCHMENT, FASTEN WITH SKEWERS.
BEFORE COOKING DECORATE IT NICELY [2].
WHEN COMMENCING TO BOIL, BIND WITH ROUX.
Crush the liver, which is probably correct.
or liver of kid, wanting in Tor.
[429] ANOTHER WAY, FOR A CHANGE!
nuces maiores nuclos pineos ac midula aballana.
STUFFED CHARTREUSE _CACCABINA FUSILE_ III.
STEWED MULLET WITH DILL _MULLOS ANETATOS_ XV.
ADD A DASH OF VINEGAR AND SERVE.
WHEN THIS HAS BEEN COOKED TIE WITH ROUX.
quadr.) IN{=C}{=P} || API || CAE ||--Nothing else.
|| LONDINI: || TYPIS GULIELMI BOWYER.
|| LONGE AUCTIOR ATQUE EMENDATIOR.
|| AMSTELODAMI, || APUD JANSSONIO-WAESBERGIOS.
VOLGARIZZAMENTO CON ANNOTATIONI DI G. BASEGGIO.
The Schuch editions are eccentric, worthless.
DESCRIPTION OF COMMENTARIES NO.
21, A.D. 1531, FRANKFORT DE RE COQUINARIA.
24, A.D. 1831, HEIDELBERG FLORA APICIANA.
ABROTONUM is also a town in Africa Absinth.
of BOTULUS) small sausage, {Rx} 60.
Hence: CACCABINA, dish cooked in a caccabus.
---- LACTE PASTAE, milk-fed snails.
RUBETAS ET SUB TERRA VIVENTES, UT NOXIAS REJICIO!
OVA STIRIONIS CONDITUM QUOD CAUARE UOCANT.
And: SALEM INDERE MEMENTO!--don't forget the salt!
EMPTY IT THROUGH THE APERTURE OF THE NECK ...
GRAECA AB APITIO POSITA HAEC SUNT || EPIMELES, ...
or, according to most Southernwood.
Another Indian came from Texas.
He was wounded no less than seven times.
Captain Bigelow had been wounded three times.
He, Goodrich, and I slept together.
The Spanish guerillas were causing us much trouble.
Firing; when I told you to stop!
Cowper's Glands 46 c. The Prostate Gland 48 d.
All these activities are egoistic.
What then is the role that this gland plays?
4. THE HYGIENIC REQUIREMENTS OF SLEEP.
Some continent men never have nocturnal emissions.
CROSBY, Boys Work Secy., International Committee.
Gay is but little known to the present generation.
Is not this enough to fire the coldest?
The French were sick of the war.
Thus bad begins, but worse remains behind.
Arrested and committed to Tower, i.
Project for kidnapping Prince of Wales, ii.
Attacks Convention and Ministers, ii.
Leader of discontented Whigs, i.
NORTHWARDS TO BEISAN, 85 KADIS, ANTIPATRIS, ETC.
ESDRAELON PLAIN AND 226 ITS VICINITY VIII.
3] to the daughter of SEMLACHUS.
Do not ask where is the Turkish government!
ESDRAELON PLAIN AND ITS VICINITY.
THE REVERSE WAY FROM WEST TO EAST.
This site is named _Mobugghek_ or _Umm-Bugghek_.
Turkish soldiers were dawdling about the streets.
_Whites_, born in the colonies, are called creoles.
I am respectfully yours, A. P. UPSHUR.
But the resolute Mexicans were not to be repulsed.
This greedy boy is always watched and suspected.
No, no, Limby--grease frock, Limby.
Limby, dear--Limby, dear--silence!
A little bit of lobster, my dear?
What are you doing, my good woman?
Come, Alfred, now you may come to your dear mamma.
Obey your orders, Christy, whatever they may be.
Did you hear me when I came into the cabin?
I told you not to use that word.
Do you understand what I mean, Dave?
Well, it is a nice thing to talk to a deaf man!
Bad enough, sir, at any rate, added Dave.
Then he is not a deaf mute, I take it.
Her new name is the Ocklockonee.
Are you an engineer in the Confederate Navy, sir?
Then he was a traitor, added the surgeon.
But she seems to be fully loaded now.
Did you drink any of it, Dolly?
She is considerably larger than the Bronx.
Perhaps I am banished for the crime of audacity.
Sink or burn it if you are captured.
Keep her as far off as she is now.
1. +Across India+; or, Live Boys in the Far East.
+The Starry Flag Series.+ By OLIVER OPTIC.
4. +Freaks of Fortune;+ or, Half Round the World.
5. +All Taut+; or, Rigging the Boat.
OLIVER OPTIC has written nothing better.
4. +Switch Off;+ or, The War of the Students.
You won't remember me, sir, I expect.
The sooner we go down the better.
I'm really afraid I can't come out this morning.
We've all changed, and so must you!
He felt unreasonably, ridiculously angry.
She was pretty in a rather obvious way.
Egyptian or Turkish--or will you have a pipe?
so much!--and now you're like this!
You mean that I'm not good enough?
You know I told you, only you wouldn't listen.
His people wouldn't like it and the rest--Oh!
There are no Greeks, there _are_ no Greeks.
When you've seen as much as I have you'll be blase.
You get far more than you can ever read.
It's all so selfish and slack, I know.
We're absurd, aren't we, Trojan?
it must be stopped at all costs.
She was not good enough, she was not fit.
He had behaved like a cad and he knew it.
After all, he was a poor creature.
Hey, Harry, my boy--all of em out, aren't they?
Devilish good thing--no one to worry us.
Give em a stiff back, Harry, give em a stiff back.
They don't like us--none of them do.
You are entering into alliance with outcasts.
I will not be released, he said.
They laugh at him, and so at all of us.
that is what you don't understand!
I cannot, therefore, hear them insulted.
You serve no purpose by keeping them.
Then--after that--I saw a lot of her.
You young fool, at last from Garrett.
You don't care for her any longer, Robin?
Don't think me such a rotter, he said.
I'm only twenty-six, and you're--oh!
He doesn't know, he doesn't understand!
Her hands were clenched and her face was white.
I am, therefore, quite ignorant as regards facts.
Isn't that a little rude, Mr. Trojan?
It will be the most regretted action of your life.
You do not know what people have done to us here.
There--and now, of course, you think me hateful.
Don't regret Robin; he's not worth it.
You are not, he repeated, that sort of girl.
You must, of course, see that--exceedingly foolish!
It's too absurd--quite ridiculous.
You _are_ attractive, you know.
Six months ago I was happy and inexperienced.
It was the one way that I could hurt you.
You see you are so very proud, you Trojans!
Three weeks and you're like the rest of them.
You're letting all your finer self go.
You're becoming, what they say you are, a waster.
They like it better, they do really.
You will be bankrupt if you go on as you are!
That hateful woman discussing me?
But I won't bother you about it.
Life could be hard, but he would not be beaten.
I'm going to die, you know, and I'm lonely.
perhaps they would put him in prison.
Fancy being proud that you are like the rest!
Why did you turn me out the other day?
He is changing fast, and it is because of you.
for no reason at all--just because you are you.
You're looking tired, Robin, old boy.
Thank you.-- Yours sincerely, DAHLIA FEVEREL.
I wasn't always slack and rotten like I am now.
I say, you're the cleverest man in England!
And Garrett!--the contemptible coward!
Now you're an obstinate, bad man!
They are all forms of disease to him.
She was small, dark, fiery and violent.
It is a fine example of failure.
Ralph plunges Indiana down a precipice.
Oh, what children, what children always!
Ah, not children, but what men rather!
This is worthy of Chateaubriand.
I have not undressed for eight nights.
And now we come to the pure folly!
No, I swear this by my youth and genius.
Give in; do not attempt to resist.
This politician did not like artists.
If he does, he'll lose everything.
Frederick II sends Consuelo to prison.
The officer replied that he would die first.
It has worked many others in this world.
They were not very intelligent.
He is not an unknown God either.
This is anti-clericalism in all its violence.
_Mademoiselle La Quintinie_ is a work of hatred.
Post 8vo THE TYRANNY OF THE DARK.
You go out this night, me bucko!
I'd sooner think he's stringin us.
Why don't ye work yer-silves--ye loots?
You ordered me out, didn't you?
You bet he is, and anything else he wants.
Oh, Sherm isn't so worse if he had a decent outfit.
We are rich--rich as Jews, Maggie!
I wish I c'u'd go wid ye, Sherm.
I'll be back to-night with another load.
He remarked: Klackels belly hebby.
No sabbe klackels allee same deese.
Phwat will ye be doin nixt, ye squint-eyed monkey?
Me goin s'eep lound klackel-ballell, you sabbe?
I nailed that barrel to the flure apurpis.
I'm fair crazy wid this burglar's business.
That's my ore, and you let it alone!
Rest yersilf and I'll look after the gould.
Why, I tuk twoice that to the mill last night.
Tis but an excuse to get drink, she said.
If you are, you won't insist on seeing her.
I'd advise you to act accordingly.
_Nothing_, he barked out at me.
Didn't even look up till I let loose on him.
But you got out, persisted Ring, maliciously.
I won't hurt him any more than he needs.
Now don't stir till I'm in position.
It's all off--there's a girl here.
Was it really a band of Indians?
Only a bunch of cow-punchers on a bat.
They most always come on just after a heavy meal.
They're all a lot of cheap skates, anyway.
You mustn't forget I chased off them redskins.
I don't believe there are any Indians over here.
Suppose I'd a roped _her_ instead of the old man!
I see my finish when you go away.
There ain't any feed that interests me but you.
Oh, _you_ wouldn't complain, I know that.
Her tone hurt as she pointed at him.
Don't you dare come here another time.
I never heard of anything more--more awful.
That's about all you're good for now.
Your symptoms are about the worst ever.
The climate may freeze this poison out of you.
he asked, putting her on defense.
It's just as foolish as can be.
Girl, you've got to be good to me this time.
I wish he'd jack us all up a bit.
This is no place for you, she defiantly said.
You're getting deeper into the slough all the time.
So you better vamoose to-morrow.
I don't care what he has ordered!
I'll stay here, and so shall you!
Dad can't boss me, and I won't let him run you out.
Besides, I know she would make a terrible scene.
Don't you tell, she said to the Mexican.
Boys-- began Fan in appeal, but she got no further.
What right have I to despise these people?
The woman is false, the man is treacherous.
I only knew my wrongs--my despair--my hate.
The man you hated was my brother.
All the men in her world were rough.
it's none o my funeral, anyway.
You're nothing but a kid--a baby.
The man don't live that can scare him.
He's a damage to the community.
I'll have your heart for this, he said, venomously.
You're cinched any way you look at it.
He's just around the corner, waiting for you.
Run away, girl, said Kelley, softly.
I hate these people--I want to go with you.
Yells of vengeance rose: Lynch him!
My name's Kelley--Tall Ed the boys call me.
Would you consider taking me in as a side partner?
No, I want you to come with me to the train.
You'll be part of the scenery for them.
You've got the complexion of a barber.
He was from the South also, and spoke with a drawl.
I used to know him down on the Perco.
Does it all with his legs, I guess.
He's happier being called a partner.
Men aren't such brutes, after all.
Fred, what's the matter with you?
No. He has been working for--a saloon.
Pears like that is the best thing for you to do.
Mother must never know of this.
I'll write--but I ain't much of a fist at it.
Never returned to my own people.
I will go once more before I die.
Legs sick, back sick, eyes sick.
It's up to you, Andy--you and your mash.
The fact is, Pogosa is a Sioux.
The angry brutes cannot touch me.
She's crazy, that's what she is.
Pogosa will not be able to lead you.
Some Sioux man's talk with her.
I wonder if she remembers her performance?
Eugene, go back and wait for us.
See that Pogosa is comfortable.
The squaw will take care of herself.
Well, let's see what she's like.
I am going right up and bring her down.
You shall go back to your people.
Do you think there are any such men in here now?
I suspect it's too lonely even for a cattle-thief.
I like trails that make men quake.
Tell him to come inside--I'm not afraid of him.
Hanged if I do, especially now.
You are imperiling your life for nothing.
After I leave you it doesn't matter.
After that girl reported me, life didn't count.
There isn't a thing you can do, miss.
Are you tied up to the professor?
He can't be just right in his head.
That's mighty white of you, he responded, slowly.
He tapped his revolver as he spoke.
I hate to ask you--but it hurts me so.
Men were fine animals for the wild.
It's cold and goin to be colder.
If it's the sheriff stay in here with me.
Pears like I'm gettin old and foolish.
I'd rather die here in the hills.
No matter; I will not be taken alive.
If I fail you'll find me up there.
Why don't you stay and take your lawful punishment?
You will surely perish up there in the cold.
He will know you cannot escape.
You don't look none too slick yourself.
What _is_ the latest kink in rods?
Well, sir, I had him flat down.
Does that look like she was his daughter?
They've had time to hide em or burn em.
I will see that you are treated right.
Once I forced him to leave my premises, he said.
It is evident that they were vile.
I don't believe that girl was ever on the place.
They'd have dusted out last night.
The valley has always resented us.
I wish you'd let me come over and teach you.
It's only some smart Aleck's practical joke.
These people would hang me if they could.
I don't understand their hate of us.
Yes, yes, let us go, he said, bitterly.
We'd like you to have them--wouldn't we, daddy?
I had come to hate men and to despise women.
I won't have her humiliated in this way.
Your prisoners will be here when you come back.
Say, you want to watch out for Abe Kitsong.
Abe is sure to make you trouble.
I'm sorry, but that's my orders.
The Kitsongs'll get ye, if ye don't watch out.
Abe sure has got it in for you, Hans.
What right had you to arrest them kids?
I'm going to have you jugged for false arrest.
He jumped me, complained Kitsong.
_Vamose_, every man of you, or I'll run you all in.
I'll get you yet, called Kitsong, venomously.
You did right in bringing her down.
You're wasting time and so is Abe.
I'd like to work the third degree on her.
I hate to have you let this gang drive you out.
She's done more than that, Jack.
I'm as ambitious as a ward politician!
Then I decided to bring her down, too.
They belong to that Kauffman girl.
You become ridiculous when you do.
I'll have you removed if you utter another word.
Raines then called out: She's playing off.
Do you know what we can do to you?
In that case, he said, I'll take you into camp.
Let him put the girl on the train, he said.
Oh no. Let them go; they're not worth the effort.
They had a fight and Abe was hurt.
He needn't complain, if she don't.
I have no fight with any one else.
I am, SIR, y^r most humble serv^t, VERNON.
ye have glided away, Hairs of my youth!
ye are frosted and gray; Eyes of my youth!
your keen sight is no more; Cheeks of my youth!
ye much evil have seen; Cheeks of my youth!
at a time from his Satanic majesty.
PHILARETE CHASLES, Mazarinaeus.
BEDE, permit me to add sixty-five more.
COTTON'S FASTI ECCLESIAE HIBERNIAE.
BIBLIOTHECA TOPOGRAPHICA BRITANNICA.
OLIVER'S MONASTICON DIOECESIS EXONIENSIS.
I was the lean dog that lieth in wait for offal.
All he could think was, O accursed old woman!
So he said, Tis a pact between us, O old woman!
Renounce not either, whatsoever ensueth.
Be not abashed, O my bridegroom to be!
Wonderful is the audacity of impudence!
thy love is wanting at the proof.
But I will not have her, O my son!
Ye twin palm-trees, male and female!
broad is the back of your servant.
for Boolp is an old man, even very old.
I'll leave thee not in this life.
So he called to the guard, Shackle him!
the logic of the lash shall be tried upon thee.
Sleep with the left eye, Keep the right awake.
Tis then a combat twixt him and me.
And the Serpent replied: Ruby lip!
see what she reserveth for you.
Oh, Boolp, a pretty dissimulation!
Tis to subdue them I go; yea, to crush them.
Then he, The oath of Ruark is no rope of sand!
and wherefore these evil names of me?
Thrice this day shall pay your due.
Tis even so; I swell not his size.
Quoth Khipil, To hear is to obey.
Oh, when I die, then bury me in their bowers!
Then Shahpesh laughed, and cried, Chafe not!
it is an ill thing and a hideous!
I'll delay no longer, I, Shibli Bagarag.
And she cried reproachfully, O fool!
Pluck it by the root with thy right hand!
I whispered in his hairy pointed red ear, Sleep!
here is she, here am I, yonder my dominions!
a terrible one; one to terrify and bewilder!
So fetter I the strong with my allurements!
and I blunt the barb of high intents!
do ye not mock me, O masters of Aklis!
I the King am warned by base creatures.
tis I that am match for a white ball!
And is it in the pursuit of further thwackings?
to greatness by the aid of thwackings!
But Abarak cried, O Karavejis and Veejravoosh!
and they said the same to Shibli Bagarag.
is the name of my beloved hateful to thee?
Then she called to Koorookh, Seize him!
and for thee to command is for me to obey!
Do this, and thy part's done, O Kadza!
and I, a poor drooping tendril, left to wither?
Thereat, Luloo wept afresh, and cried, Ah, cruel!
and he's witched there for an ill purpose.
flea of iniquity and abomination!
am I doomed to thy torments?--so let's spread!
as the poet says,--O accursed flea!
by Allah, he's awful in his mightiness!
He dismissed her with a purse the next day.
Ripton was a capital boy; he had no science.
He could not prove he was not a fool!
You looks an old poacher, you do.
Giles Blaize never stands nonsense!
The boys tried to close with him.
No curtain-lecturin with a pipe.
Penny a day, and there y'are, primed!
Casion calls me t'other day to Newcastle!--Eh?
Varmer Bollop, t'other day, has's rick burnt down.
God warn't above the devil then, I thinks.
Drink the Fire-worshippers, if you will.
Why, what did you say about Blaizes, Rippy?
So would I. And he shall suffer for it.
Is it old Blaize has been putting you up!
Richard answered him: Yes; and felt your kick.
Rady's safe, and uncle never blabs.
I ain't that sort of chap, Ricky, I can tell you.
You don't mean this Rip, do you?
Is it transportation for rick-burning?
Why, you haven't an atom of courage.
Why, you let it out every second of the day.
Are you afraid?--And then you contradict yourself.
And keep out of Adrian's way as much as you can.
He's a mortal wild young gentleman!
May I never be where there are no boys!
Think of the shifts they are put to all day long!
An age of rampant little minds, my dear Austin!
But now, pray, consult with me about these boys.
Remember his good points now he's gone, Ricky.
I never met a coward myself, Austin continued.
A coward hardly objects to drag in his accomplice.
Ask a favour of that big brute, Austin?
Surely you've punished him enough, boy?
He turned you off, and you fired his rick.
She's a lady, as good as the best of em.
I don't like you none the worse for't.
Farmer Blaize was positive twas a lie.
Above board with me, and you'll find me handsome.
Speak out, and don't be thinkin.
What business ha you to be a-thinkin?
Liars, perj'rers, bribers, and c'rrupters!--Stop!
You've done for yerself already!
You've been a-tampering with my witness.
My witness there has been bribed.
You're a boy and'll learn better.
Now you must stand yer luck, all o ye.
I'm not cruel, but I hate lies.
I-I lied to him--the Liar must eat his Lie.
I was polite of course but I would not look at her.
And he was deaf, as well as blind.
Let it be known that I only require discreetness.
Do you think no girls innocent?
But they are more innocent than boys, I am sure.
Because of their education, madam.
Either we are very mighty or you are very weak.
But whatever we are, and if we are bad, bad!
I can sit at your feet every day unquestioned.
You would have made an admirable mother, madam.
He thinks more at his age of old women like me.
to kiss a woman's hand, and die!
And you really do not feel that you are wet?
Hail the occasion propitious, O British young!
you will henceforward sit alone.
While he has yet some innocence, nauseate him!
Facts were at the bottom of what he said.
The apathy of Englishmen will become proverbial.
And look you: take it on medical grounds.
pipe on to these dear innocents!
Pipe no more, Love, for a time!
Are you looking for your young gentleman?
It ain't to fire no more ricks.
Don't hit too hard, sir, Tom suggested.
The Huron is stark mad about her.
I think that God made you, and has given you to me.
He lifts her hand, and presses his mouth to it.
I love the nuns for having taught you.
It will be put a stop to tomorrow, sir.
He has had the impudence to steal a march on me!
If you see Benson mind you tell him.
Master Ricky is a peppery young man.
What a noise that old ruffian makes!
She would smile on if both were being birched.
Mr. Hadrian, sir, he's a devil!
The coward bobbed while I struck said Richard.
He's a devil, sir, I do believe, sir.
he's a devil!--I can't move, Mr. Hadrian.
For women are not the end, but the means, of life.
Benson is now a piece of history.
Richard is the god of her idolatry.
When you see her, I am sure you will.
Nom'tive Mouser!--'nough to make ye mad, sir!
Clean gone, that she were, sir.
Cryin all night and all day, I sh'd say.
packed off!--Can't have her here now.
You may guess I wants her bad enough.
You sent her away to protect her from me, then?
It appears your education's peculiar!
What's more I won't have nothin of it.
So now, sir, you do the same, and I'll thank ye.
Depend upon it I'm not your enemy, Mr. Fev'rel.
Look to her, Tom, and then come to me in my room.
Pure women have a second youth.
A young philosopher's an old fool!
Strength is a God to you--Purity a toy.
Men are seedlings: Women--slips!
Berries I fancy your Pegasus has a taste for.
I don't think you gave her any legs.
Why, what are you laughing at, uncle?
You know, I intend to make you well.
What the deuce do you want with doctor, boy?
Take care of your stomachs, boys!
She finds him with her wig on in company!
I didn't begin on the old lady.
I just see what you're fit for.
I think I said shameful things.
Did you ever hear such nonsense?
Punish Helen, very young, lightly.
And first he claimed her mouth.
Call me that name, he repeated.
Did you see the change come over her?
Sombre grew the street they had last night aroused.
You're the best old soul in the world!
It's no use your trying to swallow it, Rip!
So as you was born, so shall ye be!
He was a black Berry to me, my dear!
Kissing don't last: cookery do!
Their memories scarce seem their own!
But, mama, the other expostulated, it's so nasty.
You have grown from a boy to a man.
We are staying with the Foreys close by here.
Don't be bashful with young women, mind!
Now I've got you, I mean to keep you.
Of course you were indifferent!
He isn't a boy, or a man, but an engine.
only he does such absurd things!
Have patience, O impetuous young man!
Then shall few men match your sublime fury.
Will you not crouch and be cowards?
said Richard, just wetting his mouth.
good-bye, and Heaven bless ye both!
O you wanton, improvident creature!
I been and married the bread out of my own mouth.
Did you make it yourself, ma'am?
He would bring her to the furnace.
Won't you see it all, kind sir?
You were all reasonable and proper, ma'am.
was Adrian's comment in the street.
I'll have none of it, I tell you!
What fool has been doing this, then?
Yes, your nephew: my cousin: Richard!
I've no doubt we could hang him.
Yes, and the Greeks and the Trojans can fight.
Till he knew what women are made of, sir!
The wretched boy has ruined himself!
Is it that abominable country person, Adrian?
The men smiled and looked vacuous.
I desire you to take me to that woman immediately.
And so he sat nursing the devil.
Ah, wretched Scientific Humanist!
And you like them hard, Mr. Harley?
On the contrary, I like them soft.
I'll have one like her some day.
I'll put you on board in my boat.
She agreed to simulate as Adrian had suggested.
A man must deserve to live, as you say.
Not when you're racing the Begum, I think.
You have the characteristics of one.
Arguing with Adrian was an absurd idea.
And they all will, if she isn't a coward.
You can't drag her like a captive, you know?
You, you, Lady Judith, you wouldn't be a coward?
Women are born cowards, you know.
Best leave them to their own freaks.
She knows whether she cares a fig for a fellow.
And they expect me to stand by and see it done!
Come, come, my good Ricky; not all!
A married man, you know, said Adrian.
He is trying you, child, and you must be patient.
In fact, they are, and must be, aliens.
And this you will drive him to.
but alas, that is the least of the evils.
I don't think her hair was black.
Indeed, I am very wretched, sir.
He will marry that woman, Adrian.
Now that's too much to ask of a quiet man.
Richmond's within the rules of your prison.
You're in for another rick, you two, said Adrian.
It's another of his villanies, I know.
I want to make you be just to women.
The Serpent has slimed her so to secure him!
Why it'd be as bad as my Berry!
And men don't do that, she whimpered.
helping blindfold an old woman!
you never been dudgeonin already?
you haven't been peckin at one another yet?
His temptations was strong, and his flesh was weak.
That's not matrimony, it's divorcin!
Then I say checked matrimony is as bad.
Well, I'm waiting his pleasure.
And why don't she come up to you?
He's going to bring me an unfort'nate female!
if that woman stay here, I go forth.
She trembled, breathing low: My God, forgive, me!
When he kissed her, her skin was cold.
Habit had legalized his union with her.
He had burnt a rick and got married!
She told him what she liked in him.
And the world treats her shamefully.
Have you forgotten you have a wife, Richard?
There's my aunt: Remember you have a wife!
I suppose I had an idea you were a woman.
D'you think if the world whips me I'll wince?
D'you think I care for what they say or do?
At a certain age they can't be quite natural.
It wears off when they're women.
No, she caressed his hand, and there is none.
I am not so bad as I'm painted!
Do you expect me to bury myself alive?
Oh, the glorious wreck she looked.
We must all die--the good and the bad.
But you're not vain, and that's a protection.
You just look it, you blooming boy.
And immolated himself intentionally?
A white visage reappeared behind a spring of flame.
If I haunt you, you can't forget me, Richard.
He a hero; she a female will-o'-the-wisp.
You will not leave me yet, Richard?
His Highness below likes lovely women, I hear say.
You don't know all my accomplishments yet, Richard.
He knew her what she was, this lady.
I haven't advanced an inch, he groaned.
Isn't it enough to make a fellow mad?
I rather like to hear a woman swear.
She must see the trahison with her eyes.
Dear little girl!--she's only a child.
But you say you have met such--such very bad women.
Your misfortune, Lord Mountfalcon?
He would have been such a hero, but for that.
To be goin and kissin a strange hairy man!
He's a notorious living rake, that Lord Montfalcon.
He won't meneuvele Bessy Berry with his arts.
I'm dyin for a cup o tea, my dear.
Now I say this angel-infant come from on high.
The bliss of the chaste was hers.
Lucy arranged for Mrs. Berry to sleep with her.
If she is with you his way will be clear.
Women, rapid by nature, have no idea of science.
You will bring your wife to me when you return.
Ask me what I think of her, sir!
I must beg you not to intrude further, ma'am.
Richard despises me, was the next entry.
I wished to die while his mouth was on mine.
Richard said he would die rather than endure it.
He is not a coward, nor am I. He hates cowards.
Clari, and Don Ricardo, and his laugh.
If I find it I shall come to claim her.
Do you want to try my nerves, my dear fellow?
Feeling, that's the slayer, coz.
You're not much changed, Adrian.
Go, batten on the baby, cannibal.
The next minute he found himself escaladed.
My relationship is not so defined as yours, sir.
You nurse him yourself, of course?
You're very feverish, dear Berry.
I will undress you, and see to you, dear heart!
I feel it all on my side already.
He may be wanting to come to you now.
It soothed him to be near a woman.
Why can't you go to your wife, Richard?
It's your second bridals, ye sweet livin widow!
Going to that unpleasant place together.
I made love to the man to get it out of him.
Say it's because you don't like his face.
Don't bother me with questions.
They men have come to their senses.
Now that he did they mocked him.
true, good, glorious, as the angels of heaven!
I was the coward--I the wretched vain fool!
Or you take blessed baby, and I'll go.
I do not imagine he will abuse women any more.
She died five days after she had been removed.
I have taken him upstairs to look at her.
THE EXPEDITION BY MOONLIGHT III.
THE EXPLOSION AT BROOKFIELD LV.
CONTAINS A FURTHER ANATOMY OF WILFRID LVIII.
Arabella was punished for claiming rights of birth.
I call this quite shameful of you!
You are cruel, he heard her say.
And you like ze clap of ze hands.
You are going to sing to z moon through z nose.
What absurd creatures women are!
I see you are all bent on spoiling her.
Are you discontented with the tone, child?
Would you not rather let me take you?
I have your permission to smoke?
That he has never forgiven the English for!
It has made me and my mother miserable ever since.
I cried with rage, and he called to me, Sandra!
She put her lips to his fingers.
He used to crush my dreams afterwards!
Jews, she obeyed the dictate, out of my mind.
At all events, it won't hurt you.
Woman is especially subject to it.
On the contrary, permit me to say that you are.
Let me add, individually as much poorer.
Read their stereotyped descriptions.
And not so bad, not so bad, I call it!
didn't you know you were done, sir?
Yes, but, Mr. Pole fumed, I don't.
You pledge your word to a piece of folly.
This is foolish: it, therefore, cannot be.
You are not mad about the Italians?
An artistic people cannot hate long.
Do me the favour to look at me.
You are all kind to girls, to women, to anything!
Foreigners pertinaciously misunderstand us.
He may look like Macduff, but he is a lamb.
Hillford don't hear stuff like that, do em?
Girls can only say, I will perish with him.
Wilfrid whispered: men kiss us when we are happy.
Wicked, filthy little creature that I was!
Put your head into the sack, and think!
He explained: You're girls, you know.
Bella, that woman has seen papa.
We shall live like hermits worried by a demon.
Dear, simple, innocent old man!
To act a farce for their benefit!
don't talk of ut; I'll be thinkin', of my coffin.
I'll be as sick as a cat, I will.
But, I'll come, if it's the rroon of my stomach.
He has insisted, and you must submit.
Could you bear the reflex of the woman?
This woman, I repeat, is rich, and we want money.
won't he know what it is to be a widde!
God grant they may never want!--eh?
Is that too much, papa, darling?
Why do you talk Irish in the dark?
And my purse left behind, like the skin of a thing.
and I will speak, and ye shann't interrupt me!
why, you never have money; you waste it if you do.
Your memory's worth more than that!
to the deuce with your ma'am; I hate the word.
which anything...I beg your pardon, Slang!
Polite society rightly excludes it, because...
She did not lay herself out to attract.
But, until she comes, no man is known.
and he bent her knuckles fondlingly.
He ordered her out of the room.
What do you know of, to make me ill?
And now that you are here, you drive him away.
But you must submit to be kissed, my darling.
If I do not, you will despise me.
You are burnt like a bean--hein?
Now, take my dvice, little Belloni, and don't go.
And so you are, what you say, in lofe.
A husband, if it is your taste.
Zen, I say, you shall, you shall lofe a man.
For, a writ once served, you are a prisoner.
Could anything be more preposterous?
And Mr. Chips deserves to lose his money!
I am nothing to Italy any more.
Why do you make her so hideous?
Confound historical facts that make her cry!
he breathed imperiously in her ear.
We shall not burst out about zis Riga man.
I'd have every villain hanged, cried Mr. Pole.
We pay for him a sossand pound a monz.
Greek, and Russian, and Yankee, all zey beat you.
I am a Greek--I take an Englishman.
Get a husband and then you won't got to Italy.
Dozens of girls would, that I know.
You fancy me ill, don't you, my dear?
and the business torn like a piece of old rag!
I wonder what makes me so stiff.
Can't do business with a petticoat in the room.
He's called a rascal now, poor devil!
None of you do what your dads did.
You may get too high, eh?--Gallery?
No wonder these young sparks cut us all out.
wat you have de shame, you have de pluck, ah!
For God's sake, don't bother me!
Going and playing with an unprotected girl.
Is he a contemptible scoundrel?
I could bring him from any woman's side.
He'll be a beggar, if he don't.
The rascal's been at it for the last month.
You would have stopped my life, and Wilfrid's.
You've played the devil with mine.
If you go on like this, you've done for me!
CAN YOU PUT AWAY ALL PROPS OF SELF?
I don't commonly beat the bush long myself.
And he plays the tyrant, does he?
Love the poor devil--manage the rich, you mean.
Be as deaf as you like, you shall hear.
You're waiting for that, you unmanly dog!
Now you can't go on pretending sleep.
I know what that means, with you.
An Englishman might mean right--but you!
You think you've been dealing with a fool!
Not a bid of corage!--which is bad.
No, not once; and we are angry with her.
No; if they are worthy of punishment.
She saw the God:--you never will!
Nothin but his legs, my lady, she whispered.
Why, says I, doctor, ye think ut's maguc!
and all for a shrug; it's not human.
Don't let that girl come near me!
I--I can't get on with foreign girls!
Wilfrid, have you gone to that girl?
Now I have got it in my throat.
He will bring on a fit if you don't stop.
It is unfair to her; it is unfair to yourself.
A man must not play with a girl.
I'll be cryin like a squeezed orr'nge presently.
A rosy rosy fresh bit of a mouth she's got!
I'm an awful coward, that's the truth.
my weak time's after my Porrt, my dears.
What are ye doin but sugarin the same dose, miss!
D'ye think my stomach's a fool?
Ye've hurrt me, and I'll say good-bye.
But they are the masters, not we!
They have a meeting every other night.
Does she have to kiss a sword and a book?
There was a perfect dagger in her eyes.
She is very little so, believe me!
And it's Pole that's turned--Pole!
I'm in bed, and you're a cold bath.
So the men look like fools, ye sly laughin fella!
The ffection I bear to your onnly remaining parent.
Ye won't call me a name, will ye?
I'd say, if ye weren't a borrn lady.
You I'll be more so than you were a month ago.
You see that I am just the same to you.
and opening them, all her face being red, Say it!
Her going there was not a freak; she had an object.
Or put penknives out of her way.
Make me a martyr to the sorrows of Italy once more.
If your eyes are bandaged now...
He's got nothin to do but swallow knolludge then.
Can you possibly tell what such a child can be?
This made the world look black to her.
And--and I cannot wait and feel like a beggar.
I intend to make him take the Madre with me.
You are wiz old Belloni, he called out.
Ze letter have been spied into by ze Austrians.
when it wants a physique of a saint!
Sandra Belloni, he added, gravely, lift up ze head!
Purcell!--I say she play ze fool, and look at her!
No: she refuse, and she is ruined.
What, I say, what zat dam silly smile mean?
The streets make me wish to die.
He is not ze friend of a couac-couac.
Will you touch me when I tell you not to?
And such a forr'ner as he is, to be sure!
Indeed, ma'am, you are welcome to him.
Ain't I the first to remember ut, Pole?
continued the aggravating woman.
my darlin garls, don't think ut my fault.
And Pole settin down his rroon to me!
It's like no candle in the darrk.
I see her now under a black shroud.
Or does she stare carelessly away?
You deserve well of your generation.
A little more experience, and she will have malice.
She wants nothing but that to make her consummate.
I swore to die this night it I did not see you!
And from you, Merthyr, to a girl such as she is!
Me she satisfies less and less.
The Piedmontese are mad for the signal.
The Austrian thinks he wastes us by slaughter.
Am I talking like a foreigner, Sandra mia?
Emilia throbbed, while they are fighting!
Let me see him, for he cannot resist me.
See him; see him, if you must, he said.
But now at least you have thrown off the mask.
And he is, besides, engaged-- Let her suffer!
I think I look on Winter when I see her lips.
Emilia shut her eyes, waiting for more.
And he saw me when I was that wretched heap?
let me be alone this evening in my bedroom.
Why do I always feel such a tyrant with you?
She can't learn: she can do nothing.
I complain that you never succeed.
She believed he was an Austrian spy.
She supposed him to be an Austrian spy!
be silent, and let that night die.
Women are devils of cleverness sometimes.
That woman is changeing you--doing all this.
Let me call you my own darling!
And you leave me to that woman.
She loves the Austrians, as you know.
I will not have it moved or touched till you-- Ah!
Let me have two seconds with her!
Ze man will find Pole is ruined.
if ye don't sound like wheedlin to keep me blind.
And you look none of the freshest.
The old man then sought to obliterate her utterly.
He will not understand my position!
She is; and yet she ain't, if you understand me.
What I feel about her is--hang it!
I am going down there, he said.
He would easily become an Austrian.
Emilia could have retorted, Cruel that you are!
If I must not come, tell them I kiss them.
He cried, poor unhappy man, real tears!
Nothing would stop him from humiliating himself!
She's a Goddess to me from this moment.
We will now sheath our battledores.
If he is, he deserves what he's got.
Perhaps not--for they ve got none.
SUGGESTS THE MIGHT OF THE MONEY DEMON IV.
ROBERT INTERVENES X. DAHLIA IS NOT VISIBLE XI.
She's like a coal nigh a candle.
It ain't respectful t age, I say.
Do wait, mother; all in good time.
out comes the keys: lockup everything; it's time!
What's roused ye, you tiger girl?
Not much of a manager, brother Tony.
She's got a temper of her own too.
She must leave London, if she don't alter.
And what I said to your poor mother's true.
That's nettles to your uncle, my dear.
You make sure of her, do you, sir?
Then, none of us must care for him, uncle.
She's changed, but it's all for the better.
Oh, you pretty innocent in your sleep!
I wish your fists wouldn't stick to me so.
Gad, I don't get puffy half so soon as you.
She's got more life, more change in her, more fire.
What train did you come up by last night?
Edward kept his penetrative eyes on Algernon.
You understand what that means.
I don't think you'd know it, if she did.
It would excuse you for hating me.
I'm so wretchedly fastidious, don't you see?
Just as he did with her sister.
There isn't a particle of nonsense in her.
You are only a boy in their hands, my cousin Algy!
This story of yours cannot be true.
I am ceasing to have a complexion.
Oh, my dear, cold, loving, innocent sister!
and What a millioner fellow that is!
but they that knows him--hats off, I can tell you.
Once I was an idle young scaramouch.
This here's the girl for my money.
That girl will see you, if you don't take care.
Come, drink with me, my dearest.
He laughed scornfully: The little beggars!
and come through that crush, sir?
Dahlia, in God's name give me your help!
You m not going to push me out?
There's a Bible in your bedroom.
My first girl's gone to harlotry in London.
I ask you to take me for your husband.
I'm what you reckon a good young man.
Offence or no offence, I speak and you listen.
I didn't play spy on your acts, but your looks.
She's so beautiful, she can't do wrong.
Now you know me, that's enough.
If Dahlia's to be found, I'll find her.
What a rough fellow I must seem to you!
I can't bear it now I've seen you look soft.
A brute's a lucky dog, then, for I've got you!
It's a miserable thing, Robert.
Why don't you struggle, my girl?
I'm not a gentleman, I suppose!
So, if I could make you a lady--eh?
You are responsible, he swears.
Don't come to me about the fellow.
I'm not abusing you, Mr. Blancove.
Only it makes me feel thirsty, that's all.
you'll be Oriental when you present it.
It means, You're the prettiest widow in the world.
She's done me up for every other woman living.
If I can't have her, I'd rather you would.
He made love to Adeline Gosling.
It isn't ill-luck; it's infernal persecution!
And you're come back to keep em up, eh, Bob?
I drank afterwards, Robert replied.
Then the devil take you for a fool!
women make you feel it, by some way that they have.
Women brought the devil into the world first.
And he may have had harm done to him.
If they cap, get away, they win the day.
Says he--but he's mad, stark mad!
What else could he do, the fool?
Says he, That's a poor way of trying to stop me.
You're a bag of blue devils, oh dear!
Robert, moaned the petrified woman strike you?
Shut your fist and do it--quick.
You'll stand behind the door to do what I tell you.
Don't tell me they didn't fall upon you last night.
Nothing inside of me will, mother.
Mother, just listen: she's dark as a gipsy.
She has black hair, large brown eyes; see her once!
Lock the door; I won't be seen when I speak of her.
Well, never mind whether she's handsome or not.
What can I do but drink and forget?
You know he cannot possibly fight you.
That makes your behaviour to him worse!
I don't accuse you of madness, but, good heavens!
Gentlemen always give fair play before a woman.
Thank God, I've only been a fool for five minutes!
Hang me if I can stand his impudence!
I know what her idea of young fellows is.
Annoyance be hanged, my good Ned!
Pon my soul, I pity the fox I run down here.
Men with their vanity wounded may discover wonders!
You must learn that you are no longer a child.
Be an obedient girl and please me.
The woman seeking for an anomaly wants a master.
In reply, she called him Great Britain.
See what a mess you drag a man into, he said.
Oh, confound this infernal fellow!
I know your mind as well as my own.
You feel called upon to punish him.
You've seen her--all that's gone.
Don't argue it with me any more.
Leave real rascals to the Lord above, mother.
They're the mischief, old lady.
It's a good thing for men like you.
The question, Are you ashamed of yourself, then?
By the way, Mr. Blancove denies everything.
The door opened and closed on this man.
contracted, coffined, contemptible!
You precious swindler in petticoats!
Gals o your sort think I say, come!
I say, Dahly, he ain't a gentleman?
Gentlemen ain't caught so easy.
Your husband wouldn't let you come to us there--eh?
You rule him with a rod of iron.
Is it manly to follow me with studied insult?
I can bear the hatred of fools.
I can do nothing but write nonsense.
Tell me what you think of her behaviour.
Don't over-tax thy stomach, O youth!
Then go fast, my man, and you will soon see plenty.
Never mind bout that ther pound.
That's the truth, Mr. Blancove.
And if she could do that, pity was wasted on her!
They're weak, poor sort o things.
Perhaps you don't know what sort of a arm I've got?
Just you feel that ther muscle.
You've what they Londoners calls bonneted yourself.
Taint fair play, he said to Sedgett.
You leave that gentleman alone, you, sir?
I'll bet you she will, if you like.
And this is a common countryman.
You know my name, and what I am.
Marriage is an awful thing, where there's no love.
I'll wallop you at that game, said Sedgett.
Now, what's your business, confound you!
I asks for my own: no more n my own, it ain't.
You don't want me to change this, do you?
You dare to threaten to expose me to my relatives?
Why, my mother dealt with Samuels.
I must do it, while I'm a--a bachelor boy.
Here's the truth: she thinks I'm off with her.
I'll let em know all about you.
You'll never do anything with him, he said.
Algy, I said before, s a bad fish.
Hang me, if I think he'd have behaved like Ned.
One of them has made a fool of a girl.
He's got the same political opinions as you.
Turns you round his little finger!
That is why you misjudge women.
I hate them, she said, and her face expressed it.
You will be ruined, if you do not.
Percy, you question me like a husband.
Because you find you have not the courage?
If you remain as you are, think of the snares.
If you marry one you despise, look at the pit.
Robert marked him, and the blush as well.
Cause I don't take ne'er a notice.
Then you'll be kicked out, old man.
You are your own master, Edward.
Brutal selfishness is the phrase for my conduct.
Your girls of society are tasteless to me.
And they don't makes wives to working barristers.
Your husband will lead you there.
Yes; you are to obey, and do what I tell you.
I am not a child, and I say what I mean.
I can't explain it, and I don't excuse myself.
I know I have deeply offended and hurt you.
She will soon be out of your reach.
This is a moment to use your reason.
Why, what monstrous delusion is this?
He studied the art of pleasing women.
She is here, he said, menacingly.
Do you know where that man lives?
And I'm the dog that gets the bad name.
This marriage can never take place!
Are they mad with some absurd country pride?
That foul dog?--Or you, stay where you are.
We're all as slow as Mas Gammon, I reckon.
We speak truth, nothing but truth.
Set me adrift, and I drink hard.
If she goes away with him she'll know it.
He will come for her, and claim her.
You drag me out of deep ditches.
To see her taken away by such a man!
Not when he has flung her off, Robert?
He's not the worst sinner, scoundrel as he is.
You're comfortable and dark here, my dear.
No wickeder than other places, I'll be bound.
Never loved e'er a young woman in my life.
I come to you, because I know you are rich.
It will be a curse to you, uncle.
Why, uncle, will you let me be ashamed of you?
I pray to heaven, and I meet you, and you have it.
And you say you are not rich, uncle?
You are awfully white, dear uncle.
It's a tremendous comfort--shuts mouths.
Sinners are not to repent only in words, uncle.
Her widened eyes intoxicated him.
I play the fool wi ne'er a sheep alive, Mr. Robert.
Had a fight with s bolster, and got th wust of it.
No, dearest; he will not trouble you.
See; I kiss the Book, and swear to you, my beloved!
Written--Oh, base man that he is!
and there is none to claim me but he.
If I saw up there the warning, You shall not!
My skin is like a toad's to him.
I say, Permit no worse, or take the consequences.
I am chained, and I have no repentance in me.
If I am dragged away, I'm afraid I shall curse him.
They're most subject to trances, my sweet.
The coldness of you young women!
And looking so, as she says it.
Brother Tony, don't you see her?
Why, I never saw such a sight as you.
Dahlia took her softly by the neck, and kissed her.
And there's an end of my likings and my misconduct.
(I am simply submissive.) Why not my name?
Where's your banker's book, brother Tony?
And every post I see s a policeman.
You've robbed me, and you shall drink!
Do you people here think me a fool?
You've been trying to undermine me.
He would sell me to save the farm.
After that he can't, can't claim her.
Your husband has come for you, and you go with him.
Know that, and let me hear no threats.
I'll behave well to her, I swear.
You know the kind of girl your friend fancies.
The poor boy would go to his doom.
Count me a miserably heartless woman.
THE DAUGHTERS OR THE SHEARS IV.
CONTAINS A WARNING TO ALL CONSPIRATORS XLV.
he says, I won't swallow the doctor!
I never touched him, he says, and I never will.
Then he's a gentleman, and can do as he likes.
Couchant means squatting, you know.
At least she might have had the decency!
I decidedly would refuse to see her, aunt!
and prating of their relationship everywhere.
You are like so many intrusive oxen--absolutely!
If you knew what I have to endure!
such polish as you know not of in England.
and he is all that a woman could desire.
And what do you think I had the audacity to do?
I am a Harrington as much as any of us!
what hypocrites we all are, mio Deus!
That divine portal was matrimony.
Now there's where you're too English.
I hate being such a hypocrite, madam.
and you would have said you were that!
covered with glory!--a hero, Van!
Allow none: gently, but firmly.
Evan would walk--he would die rather.
Are you impatient with this young man?
By the way, I've satisfied these men.
Now, Dandy, sit on the edge of the bed.
and quietly sat through his caresses.
But what would you have me do, mother?
No great harm done when you're silent.
You're the puppet of your women!
Are you not a Radical at heart?
You can make a greater fool of yourself, then?
I say he shall live like a gentleman!
I say he shall squat like a Turk!
What an old rogue you are, Tom!
And that she loves him I have proof positive.
You blush; you blush like a girl.
A Harrington is anything but a coward.
You, with all the pains I have lavished on you!
You shall not stop here another day!
Polly Fence, he used to say, sweet Polly Fence!
I must make you angry before her, I see that!
He do snore that loud-Gearge do!
Raikes was for condescending to accept.
I say, not fust time, not by many a time, taint.
I like men not to forget a custom.
Don't be a hypocrite, and say you don't--you do.
Confess openly and be absolved.
Admetus flocks I guard, yet am a God!
Even this creature would despise us!
Albeit they are Britons, it abashes them.
Be you a Muster Eav'n Harrington, Esquire?
Or must I have and old woman, aunt?
Come, come, none o that, sir--ha!
here I bes on top of a gentleman!
Isn't this just like you, my dear Evan?
Then, of course, she torments them.
My brother and myself are scarcely English.
Will you instruct me in your creecket?
But a man is what he is, and must stand upon that.
His contempt for our weak intellects is ineffable.
Evan alone can look between the eyelids of a woman.
If she comes I do not fear her.
And that reminds me of the Madre.
He is insufferable and next to useless.
Beautiful women always welcome.
Carry will be invited with your little man ....
Am I personally offensive to them, Mr. Harry?
Lost my luck with the old lady long ago.
Don't be uppish about it--will you?
I'm ready to die with laughing.
Have you seen her before, Jack?
I was resigned till I heard my friend to-lool!
I plied my rustic friends every night.
Dang un, he do maak a chap laugh!
Oh, Mr. Harrington; oh, ain't I punished!
And what have you been doing to be punished?
Well, did he bring you here and leave you?
The others may go and drown themselves.
Perhaps my arms are pressing you?
You can teach her to pretend not to, if you like.
We must be silent before our prudish sister.
I went straight to Lady Racial, my dear.
It was foolish of her to offend me.
Will you imagine Carry is for not accepting it!
Carry has only to look as she always does.
One sees Strike sitting on her.
Once more, may Heaven bless you all!
Countess de Lazy-Lazy, I think.
Why, Ferdinand, he can beat you in anything!
Mr. George was black-eyed and obese.
We're all fools one time in our lives!
that efflorescence of sublime imposture!
And in a whisper, You look superb.
Are you not touched, dearest Carry?
For God's sake, think of your face!
Disguise is imperative for you.
You with your hair in my style are equally safe.
So the oldest Tory in the county is a fox?
I stretch out my hand to the pauvre diable.
was stronger in that department.
Enamoured young men have these notions.
What my punishment would have been!
I must tell you, to defend myself.
Now, I give you fair warning, you know.
I m hanged if I can make it out.
With young people one knows what that means.
Then you must be blind, my dear.
You'll have to obey me, my boy.
Do you want me to prostrate on all fours, Rose?
Of all men, you to be on your knees!
I must punish you, Rose apostrophized her.
She can hurt us really, if she pleases.
Study his whims, and you'll never want.
And whether his sheets are aired.
Thing's done fit to toss on a dungheap, aha!
Why, he'll snap your head off for a word.
Mrs. Mel joined in: Or a ------ Don't!
Knead down in the middle of the bed.
Where's your Dandy this morning, ma'am?
We are too much for the donkey, she said.
Are you going to cry about him?
I think you are really trembling.
And don't they call these creatures sn-snips?
Election be ------ hem!--beg pardon, my lady.
I think it bad to check an oath or a sneeze.
Is this gross collusion, Mr. Tom?
She must be a good gal, my lady.
Are you going to lock her up, my lady?
No. Nor shall I whip her with rods.
Not aware I've ever done you any harm, my lady.
A vile adventuress, as I firmly believe.
What does she do all day with your mother?
Girls may be shut up, as you propose.
Harrington has the knack with you women.
You need not lie any more to please me.
Do you want to make her humble and crouch to you?
No keeping anything from you, ever!
Ferdinand, pray disperse yourself.
Jealousy, I suppose, for you're very agreeable.
And, do you know, your Mama is coming to-day?
You do not look well, sweet child.
Would you dare to do it to a strange lady?
You do not credit such atrocity?
I was in the most ferocious rage!
I watched every chance of his being exposed.
Go, and leave me, pray, she said.
Mama!--of course you did not accuse him--but, Mama!
I really think she is worse than Papa.
I mean, fellows with anything in them are.
My dear Harrington, when you hit you knock down.
Whatever you may want send to me for.
Remember that is what you must do.
And as for grammar, I'd soon teach her that.
Would you throw yourself away on her?
You will not repent it, was answered.
he said, impatiently; spare your ridicule.
and you suffer their plots to drive you forth.
Call on your Creator, and be my judge, if you dare.
You are too much for my nerves.
Lost her when he had just won her!
Your ideas are wrong--wrong, I know they are.
You know what that s equivalent to?
Laxley would certainly insult him!
Do you intend to carry on this folly, Jack?
Thinks to frighten me into submission!
No, Carry: I do not jump into ditches for nothing.
Why the devil don't they serve me like that; eh?
They must be cowards, so there isn't much to fear.
Why the deuce are you running away?
I'll wager she has the old Dip.
down on his knee before she cuts.
Still more astonished, Your brother!
this sun is too powerful for you.
My mother is sleeping, her ladyship remarked.
The fellow's ashamed of himself-ha!
Tell me, Evan,--it is not true.
His Gods have fought for him, and there he is!
But he does not ask it of you, the callous Pagan!
Do you know, I think I am older than your brother!
Andrew fumed and sneered at Tailordom.
While Evan was replying, her face became white.
You told him we were jobbers and swindlers, sir!
He swallowed his laughter like oil on his rage.
Thy sufferings are severe--but such is woman!
My tragedy is, then, thy farce!
But that isn't the worst, Franko!
I was a fool-a scoundrel, if you like.
that fellow's name's always on your tongue.
Because, my dear, she is enamoured of his person.
I know better: it is his person.
Beckley Court may be lost by a shabby coat!
Oh, I could swear at that brother!
If not to Perdition--Tailordom!
Pay for it with years of remorse!
You are a donkey to wear it, said Evan.
I would have let you do it once, but-- Stuff!
Didn't think you were man enough.
She was willing, only-- Only--eh?
Days the poor thing kept crying!
I ve knocked that fellow over once, he said.
If I am not loved, then let me die!
Guiltless, and gloriously guiltless!
Am I such a coward, inconstant, cold?
I will wipe out the injustice I did him.
God bless your soul, you little darling!
A wife's a wife, I say--hang it!
What a likeness between you and your mother.
And a fool in his business to boot, dear!
Once, that member would have blistered.
He said: Gad, I never kissed you in my life, Louy.
It wasn't your mouth, Louy, said Andrew.
And, oh, be charitable, matrons of Britain!
For my sake, I beg it, Ferdinand.
then you won't suit me as well as your mother.
We are poor insignificant people!
Can we, unless you bend a little?
Such a very poor one, Countess!
Her sufferings will one day be terrible.
That absurd report is all nonsense.
AMMIANI'S INTERCESSION V. THE SPY VI.
IN VERONA X. THE POPE'S MOUTH XI.
AMMIANI THROUGH THE MIDNIGHT XVI.
Milan has made me sick of late.
I like the look of that fellow.
Now, listen--Viva Carlo Alberto!
If you confound it, he takes you for an enemy.
He has swallowed enough of Austrian bread.
He took an Austrian wife to his bed.
The spies are stifling down below.
We've had enough of this lad, said Corte.
and Austrian as good as Italian.
I spit upon their polluted cheeks!
They get us an ill name wherever they go.
I heard the white demon myself.
Her object in coming, my friend?
But you are wrong in this case, my Beppo.
You trust to Milan, and you are fore-doomed.
I would swear it with this hand in the flames.
The keen French wit is sick of its compromise-king.
Such as you will help to give our Italy freedom.
Are they fools?--they must see through it.
You are positively slaying a victim.
I beg you all to look at the case calmly!
You are going to the slaughter.
think of the rough hands, and foul mouths!
She does not require to be excited.
Listen, in the name of saints and devils!
You want frightening, my pretty fellow!
Luigi, you will be a spy no more?
Yes, signorina, it is true; I am a spy on you.
You go nowhere else, except to the maestro's.
I do not sing Italia, Italia shall be free!
he says; and he is jealous of your English friends.
Oh, Barto, Barto, she is rarest in Milan!
Barto paused, calculatingly, eye on victim.
May the devil seize you when you're sleeping!
Now you know:--gave me a cigarette; a cigarette.
She gave you a cigarette, and you smoked it; ha!
What's the use of your skewering me with your eyes!
a night out of my life like an old jaw-tooth.
The treacherous cur lies rotting in a ditch!
I write coldly; I am tired, and forget my English.
The woman appeared and bound Luigi's eyes.
He had been twice betrayed by women.
She could have hanged him, had it pleased her.
Barto Rizzo does not keep his appointments, then!
They will call you a mercenary soldier.
You are with a band of butchers.
Count Broncini smote him on the face.
I receive your denial, my children.
They say, tis as ready to flash out as your temper.
Count Paul is with her, from Bologna.
Luck to the lads we leave behind!
Spies are doubled, troops coming.
remember your bet; the dozen of iced Rudesheimer.
I've marched and messed with Prussians--with oxen.
They say she's charming, and very pert.
I do not interchange letters with Germans.
cried Ammiani, panting to let out his wrath.
An indiscretion is possible to woman, my lad.
A revolutionary symbol!--my dear!
Ammiani bent over to Vittoria's ear.
I mean this man, this devil, Barto Rizzo.
She did not speak to foreigners.
Laura mine, I am for ever thy AMALIA.
in her own language, and No, no!
I am for Austria, you are for Italy.
Luigi and the saints watch over you.
And now you're meek as a mouse.
And they call you a clever fellow!
Silence, engine that you are, and not a man!
No; she prefers to be extinguished.
She wants to be kindled on fire.
till you are beaten, till you gasp Love!
But you are good enough for the people.
It is you, Herr Captain von Weisspriess!
Abjure it, or you make no way with this mad thing.
She's a nice little wild woman to tame.
You're not a fighting man, Pericles.
One is in my way, I have him put out of my way.
Now, tell me, kind, good, harsh old master!
I can fancy the tremble going all down your legs.
My madman, she called this latter.
The man was an Austrian soldier.
You make a woman try to deceive you.
She is my pretty puppet-patriot.
Beast or man, devil or whatever you are!
She writes love-letters to an English whitecoat.
She is the puppet of an English Austrian!
After that I shall deal with you.
These two were boys under twenty.
Gentlemen, I cannot be more explicit.
Italy revived in these mothers.
Nay, my son; but you are one of them.
He imperils more than all of you.
Oh, for ever Agostino with you young men!
She has been false to her Art, false!
She is now away-off--out of sight--the perfule!
Listen, you pair of Nuremberg puppet-heads!
Lift not that curtain, you Pannonian burglars!
what a thing is hurry to a mind like mine.
Do you know that the Pope's Mouth is closed?
Has he only gone too far, do you say?
Your prima donna celestissima is out of harm's way.
Well; you'll keep your tongue silent.
She is vinegar--we will mix her with oil.
were I a Goddess, my wounds would heal.
I am no Goddess, and no Saint: yet I cannot die.
They flow to wash out my shame.
I looked my mother in the face.
Do you see that your uncle is signalling to you?
We are victims already, my Agostino.
The Gods, my dear General, decree.
And you do not think much of her voice, General?
He is inexorable, being the guilty one of the two.
You have been educated for monarchy.
If you are despoiled, we will share with you.
When I have seen her safe; not before, he said.
she dissembles so magnificently ever!
on thy lying brow Thy name shall be imprinted now.
MICHIELLA (torn with jealous rage).
Yea; I could smite her on the face.
Put poison in their latest breath!
MICHIELLA (spurning verbal controversy).
soldiers I strike them down, the pair!
The tablets of the tomb defiest!
Your palsied hands refuse their swords.
Die then, and outrage me no more.
For you, my husband, lies a flaming way.
see the fallen eyelids of a saint.
They, with the Italians, said: Hear her!
I wish our sweet boys would cry louder.
he said; nothing cows a mob like darkness.
Swiftly, gentlemen, or she's lost.
Giacinta had to be as a mother with her.
Drown yourself if a second frenzy comes.
You beat us Germans on one field.
On the other you have no chance.
Lady, I am your obsequious servant.
She read: Keep watch on this Austrian.
Refuse to be separated from me.
My life is at your service.--Beppo.
When he released her she was perfectly mastered.
You look too gentle to give them cause.
She is not the mother I love and I serve.
I can promise to keep you warm, signorina.
Lorenzo, may you rot like a pumpkin!
he observed; she was born on a hired bed.
He repeated that she was born on a hired bed.
He's only a middling lover, signore.
And a cur, a traitor, carrion, said Angelo.
With the utmost reverence, I quit you.
Do you know Barto Rizzo, padrone?
I'm sure you wouldn't know such a fellow.
I pinch her, and she beats me, and we are equal.
Ah, padrone, he said: I'm done for; leave me.
If I do leave you, I must cut out your tongue.
Give him knuckles, and break his back, my boy!
Padrone, you dismiss me now, said Jacopo.
Stout men are doomed to the obscurer paths.
you were educated in England, I have heard.
It s because I'm a German; I know it is.
It is now time to draw your dagger, he said.
You shall teaze me, if it amuses you.
Am I not, now, the object of your detestation?
Angelo Guidascarpi, I also know you.
I have warned you, Captain Weisspriess.
I think you have heard that I can use my weapon.
Fortunately, we deal with brutes.
Is that the secret of their German education?
a beard indeed, for there is no end to this animal.
Would you denounce a sick man, Wilfrid?
he said, in a vehement underneath.
You have done nothing--worse than nothing.
Our Italian girls do this; he despises them.
I am too angry to care for music.
If you stay, you will earn my contempt.
We have to submit to these little social scourges.
After your last miserable fiasco, my dear!
You provoke it; you provoke it.
If they think of having me alive!
can he be waiting for me to coax him?
Emilia, do you hear?--die for you!
No wonder she's shy of you now.
Now, I'll swear I'll smoke this one out.
The time'll come for it--and then, you cats!
Jenna received a blinding slap across the eyes.
Wilfrid sighed, Yes, I know you; do your worst.
It was revealed to us when we were boys.
The worms may creep on: the men must die.
we have beaten them the cravens!
You know where they're to be had.
They, my friend, are for a better cause.
I am as much Barto Rizzo's prisoner now as you are.
Thitherward his cry of Down with the Tedeschi!
Did she not visit you in prison two weeks ago?
To the devil with our days of benignity!
Are you in the pay of the insurgents?
Take me to your mother, she said.
My Sandra, you are certainly perverse.
But to be hypocritical one must be false.
Ashes are only ashes; tombs are poor places.
Yet I was right in printing my young nonsense.
Genoa and Turin say, Go and try.
This is shameful, said Vittoria.
I see every feminine quality in it, my dear.
Why, it's to find you, signorina.
It is only one, but it is ONE, mon Dieu!
I have watched, I have reared her.
Not to Turin, not to London, Sandra Belloni!
Sandra, will you be a good child?
I am desolate in offending you.
Am I the person to have abuse poured on me?
The men claimed him as an Austrian spy.
The prisoner was clearly an Englishman.
You can serve as a spy, Wilfrid!
It is immonde; it is unnatural!
She loved my brother, poor thing!
The intolerable cowardice amazes me.
You belong to me; you are my own?
Vicenza will soon bubble on a fire, I suspect.
And when my bride is with her, I am between them.
We Italians are in a hurricane; I cannot reflect.
She is wilful as a principessina: Tis so!
But to applaud the Traitor now!
He lent us his army like a Jew, for huge interest.
Carlo Alberto is quite unlike other men.
For that reason I am absent from your mother.
I reserve all sweet names for you.
Why will you not recognize facts?
All changes that please my friends please me.
They may cease to persecute me soon.
Not yet; but are you growing timid?
Then she cried out, Fool that he is!
He has it, just as they all have.
Surely you have punished your bride enough?
You understand her now, do you?
Will nothing satisfy you, wilful sceptic?
Hard enough to have to mention it to you, signora!
You hate me; you do; you hate me.
Look out for yourself, my child.
Yes, he said, and did not turn to her face.
Carlo, you have done worse than that.
He lifted her hand to his mouth.
Beppo then challenged his Styrian to fight.
I knew these reports were abase calumny.
It's treason, if it is not cowardice.
I worship justice, and a black deed haunts me.
But I will have them on their knees.
You have a baby's heart; so has Karl.
She told you just now that she called you Austria.
Many are to go down because you have gone down.
What will sharpen the wits of these soldiers!
I had my warning, but I was mad.
we are three, and can fight like a pyramid.
She went on: Never, never love a married woman!
You are a more experienced woman!
I tell you I will have no nonsense.
You two, you women, are her enemies.
and to-morrow, countess, I will see my lawyer.
Irma, begone, and shriek to your wardrobe!
What dreadful fool is this I sit with?
If it is worship of swine, she cannot refuse it.
If she has not ruined him, she will.
Did you see much sacking of villages last year?
Are you relating your amours to me, rascal?
By making love to a lady's maid?
I could wish she were a devil, my Powys.
Her husband, he is a fool, ser.
I lose my temper the moment I begin to speak.
When he's dog at the gates no one can approach her.
You detestable German girls can't love.
Hear this:--I hated you as the devil is hated.
God of all the pits of punishment!
Look at me, Countess Alessandra.
She perished righteously, for she disobeyed.
She died blessing you above me.
Countess Alessandra, were you not once a traitress?
I had the divine contempt for women.
If he moves, he walks into a pit.
I beat at the bars of a cage all day.
I suffer as I deserve for it now.
Will you cause her to come before me?
I have a message from your friend Luciano.
Set the woman face to face with me!
I have her here harmless for the night.
Don't you know you've been listening to a madman?
A Piedmontese colonel, you fool!
I prefer to let Antonio-Pericles go mad.
I have never seen so abject a creature.
Shall we not enjoy what we find?
except that I have been possessed by devils.
I don't care whether they live or die.
I love my country; I plot for my country.
Insult or a wrong makes a madwoman of you.
Anna, will you let these two men go--to slaughter?
You must see her, or you betray yourself.
Tell her?--she will die, said Laura, shuddering.
AN ADVENTURE ON MY OWN ACCOUNT III.
No, sir; no fire, said Sewis; you be cool, sir.
I don't sleep so thick but I can hear, you dog!
What place here is the scoundrel soiling now?
Have you any accomplices lurking about here?
You compel her to come out to me?
You've done your worst; be off.
I keep my flock clear of a foul sheep.
I submit to any conditions: only let me see her.
Nonsense: I tell you he's a-bed and asleep.
When the boy's fast asleep, man!
it is infamous, it is a curst piece of inhumanity.
You are earthy; you are an animal.
Mind, if you take him, he goes for good.
For God's sake, let go the boy!
Take him, and by the Lord, you ruin him.
There now, never mind, stay, down with him.
Don't you see he's not a common boy?
There was no moving on until he was filled.
Martha Thresher dosed me for liver.
And now to see the bed you have slept in.
Richest of treats, a monkey was introduced to me.
Grow tough, that's what you've got to do.
I was seized by the collar, and shakes roughly.
There's very little he hasn't daring enough for!
he went; she shall suffer for that.
said he, staring at us angrily.
I'd go through a regiment of sabres to get at you.
Do you dream of me in your bed?
But no, you are not going; you want to frighten me.
Oh, yes, I will kiss you, dear.
Heriot said, Your mother was Irish, Julia.
God bless you, dear little lad!
Saddlebank, I ll buy him off you, I said.
Because he's an awful goose, said Saddlebank.
I made the girl take a piece of toffy.
Gentlemen never forget their servants, Temple.
Big men can't be always looking after little boys.
On he goes, you after him, never mind what happens.
Only up to my knees, she confessed.
I repeated, in my superior pleasure.
She snapped her fingers: Mumpers!
Then I'll come and lie in the middle, said he.
It's a young woman you've got there, eh?
The girl whispered in my ear, He's lame as ducks.
Why, I know all about you, you see.
Yes, old Sewis s alive, Master Harry.
he cried in a rage, after listening to him.
Ran like a hare, stead of a fox, eh?
I'm not likely to forget his nonsense.
Expunge him, old fellow; he's no good.
Up with her in your arms or down on your knees.
See there, she s got it ready for you.
And now you think you are flattering me!
He confessed he had found me changed at first.
I'll find him, never mind what happens.
And he would not be so if not of the right stuff!
and the cause is a cruel woman.
And then at Temple, You see if I wouldn't.
I sacrificed my dog to bring Temple to his senses.
Now speak, the man said, roughly.
The saucy girl of the pair asked me for money.
She came down, the men said, like a singed turkey.
You're such a deuce of a sleeper, he said.
Only you really are under a delusion.
I love my country; may she always be powerful!
Don't look at the stage-they speak such nonsense.
I have come out to find him, and I must.
Greek things don't make you feel funny.
We re as out of place here as frogs in the desert!
Oh, you won't understand what you gaze at.
there goes a fellow with a match.
You found me out; you found me!
They led him away, and us to bath-rooms.
So you could bear it no longer, Richie?
We are two fools, Mr. Temple, he said.
She drew language, I protest, from the slums.
Tis the fashion with the Germans.
Heriot lost his wagers and called her a witch.
But you women like monstrosities.
I suppose she has her money in a coal mine.
Don't have this affair on your conscience, boy.
Harry, you wouldn't go and do that?
You'll be stuck in a coloured caricature!
The man must earn his bread, Richie, boy!
Purely temporary fits of unworthiness, my lady.
If Lady Wilts has me, why, she must.
The wealth of this country is frightful.
Do not, he groaned, do not force it!
Bless my soul, what is there in the world so bad?
Do you mean that by putting it on all fours?
Put your own feelings aside, my dearest.
Heaven knows what one's relatives think of one.
Here comes the mother in me pumping up.
Harry'; then they shadowed: She is worth ten of me.
Such freaks were exceedingly to my taste.
None so grimly ironical as the obsequious!
Girls like my girl here are precious.
what a splendid panther she is!
old Richie, and about as much fire as a rushlight.
Ay, but compare yourself with him, Richie!
But these Belgians speak French.
She is gazing on it, and breathing it, Richie.
Her eyelids gently lifted, asking me.
But you are so, you English, when not intoxicated.
Are you besieging your Government?
Are you a purse-proud commoner or an imbecile?
The life here is as bad as in Rippau.
Now I ve given you a dose of life.
Yes, you begin to look like human flesh.
she concluded; now I sulk you for five years.
Not while I live, madam, said he.
I pose my pride--immolate my son to it, Richie?
I might ask, is it you, princess?
Talk German when she is on guard.
I bring you to be German, you see.
Tell her to play, she plays her sweetest.
Give me time, and I'll do better things, I groaned.
You are one of the main drainpipes of English gold.
They are not a community, and are not--bad enough!
So long as it imperilled their own!
Reverence their ancestors, then!
The worse for such descendants.
By the weight of what you carry in your head.
We Germans use the night for work.
His lawyers were busy procuring evidence.
I ll ride and have some fetched to you.
I think I am going to cry like a girl.
And you endured the trial that was forced on you.
I sign it, before heaven, your Ottilia.
Your Highness, I believe I can guess it.
Taking you as a foreigner, you must know that.
Judge of the case by your own reigning Families.
I shut myself up; I tried to read.
Ludere qui nescit campestribus abstinet armis!
See what I wear, dear Mr. Patient!
I had dragged her down to the duellist's level!
Or if I hear her, or hear that she has come!
You have been remiss in not writing to me, child.
Great Germany, young gentleman.
But I am, whenever I hear him abused.
See there the way with your free-thinkers!
They say he has a South American complexion.
Much court was paid to him by the men.
I thank my God I am not so cool as you, said she.
There's three, and that's not enough for him.
she answered my slight innuendo.
Do you take her for a real person, Janet?
Have you noticed she gets more and more Irish?
He set out in the night You not enter it any more!
All the while he was muttering, Turncoat!
Do you find a princess objectionable, sir?
ever since she was a chick with half a feather on.
She's firm as a rock; and sweet as a flower on it!
I spied you puffing behind one t other day.
And like a fool, you think--eh?
Conquered him over the fourth bottle!
These Englishwomen are a fiction!
We've our Lady Jezebels, my boy!
The wealth of this country's frightful!
H'm, she perused my features; pale!
I invite him to London, Richie.
My temper was beginning to chafe at the curb.
I dis-sociate you from me, Richie, do you see?
Ay, through your love for your dada.
Things printed can never be stopped, Richie.
Ring him up, ring him up, Jorian.
Catch her, Jorian; you are on guard.
Now you're trifling with the second.
You re not at the end of your run, I dare say.
Jorian, your mind is in a state of confusion.
It's a bit of business, not pleasure.
What infernal nonsense . . , fellow talking now?
Between you, I defy the Court to rival you.
She took extraordinary liberties with me.
Never a man made such a fool of in his life!
Harry, I'd as lief hang on to a fire-ship.
Fellow makes the world look like a farce.
And now, squire, I have had my dose.
She blazes out, that he scandalizes her family.
Richmond, my hearty, where the deuce have you been?
too much to say for herself to suit me.
Wouldn't hurt him for the world and all Havannah.
What the deuce have you got into your head?
I am marked with a strawberry, here.
Dash it, you're a fire-eater, I know, Richmond.
We can't fight in this country; ain't allowed.
What does it matter what old Duke Fitz does?
If you fail, my success is emptiness.
The more I dare, the less dare they.
Heart sunk too low below his belt, sir.
Heriot flushed, muttering, The little devil!
The fellow facing me was unmistakably gipsy-build.
You ll be twice as long as you've been.
I didn't tie a handkercher across their eyes.
Kiomi, why the deuce did your people attack me?
I ll put you down and be off, she threatened.
Air and water's the doctor for such as you.
Why did your men pitch into me?
I was not a presentable object.
No, the biggest brutes on the earth, said I. Oh!
Not here, she said, as soon as I began to question.
And pray remember where you are.
I fancied myself vilely duped by this lady.
What the deuce did he want with a Jew?
Keep him away, bring down grandada, Harry.
Are we quite sure that his head's clean on?
But, Harry, where did you turn off that night?
He turned to me while giving directions to his man.
You ve got him down there, I suppose?
I thanked him for a thrashing in a curt reply.
can't you see through it, aunty?
Dear aunty, he s a prince, and a proud man.
He does not come within her scope, Harry.
You have wrecked my last chance.
She will not be subjected by any threats.
Tell me of her reputation, Richie.
You pretend that you can damage it!
I am a God, sir, inaccessible to mortal ailments!
Your dear mother had a low-toned nervous system.
And that reminds me you are amateur of dogs.
Denounce them--they endure for ever!
You suppose you got it from some fool?
You wrote her a letter and wrote her a lie.
The prince is a gentleman, grandada.
You waste time and trouble, grandada, said she.
So you say you tell me to go, do you?
What he will make of your grandad!
So you tell me; like a stage lacquey!
Address my daughter respectfully, sir, will you!
I won't have your infernal familiarities!
Mr. Beltham, he said, you are hard, sir.
From infancy---- To the deuce, your infancy!
I know too much about your age.
You pensioner of a silly country spinster!
Disown him, and I'll pay you money and thank you.
your Spanish fopperies and trickeries!
you threatened to hang yourself, guitar and all.
every inch of you s notched with villany!
Rail at me, sir, as much as you like.
It is not your abuse, Mr. Beltham.
I m ready to finish and get rid of you, Richmond.
The lady is free of you, I tell you.
Now you can look upon a game of stale-mate.
Then I whistle you off my fingers!
I have to record no pathetic field-day.
You're rather incomprehensible, my dear Janet.
No. Well, you've done your worst, my dear.
I heard that he married a second young wife.
Do you mean she found him raving?
The money is Satan in my very hands!
Tears are the way of women and their comfort.
You know me, that when I say come, it is enough.
Every soul perished, the captain and all.
UNCLE, NEPHEW, AND ANOTHER III.
A GLIMPSE OF NEVIL IN ACTION V. RENEE VI.
AN INTERVIEW WITH THE INFAMOUS Dr. SHRAPNEL XIII.
BETWEEN BEAUCHAMP AND CECILIA XL.
And imagine French Guardsmen reading it!
Men had not pleased him of late.
Messieurs de la Garde Francaise!
I do not WANT, ma'am, said Nevil.
Duelling is, I know, sickening folly.
We are English--British, he said.
Nevil behaved like a knight, I hear.
I have no dislike of Frenchmen.
You stepped out for the dogs to judge better of us.
We can fight foreigners when the time comes.
Manchester's the belly of this country!
I suppose the people of Great Britain count, sir.
The people always wait for the winner, boy Nevil.
And now came war, the purifier and the pestilence.
And a highly alluring adornment it is!
You want commanding, mademoiselle.
You consent to be extinguished.
But, I mean, a mother would not have left me.
Think of her sacrificed to this man thrice her age!
You are really in love, my poor fellow.
You do not know her, ma'am, said Nevil.
Last night you said one night, he whispered.
You are me, myself; more, better than me.
My dear Nevil, are you in a state of delusion?
Beauchamp simply replied: Come to her.
You want an altercation before these fellows?
There won't be one; they obey me.
The case is, that she's a child, and you?
You will know what to tell him, ma'am.
Nevil will pay through the nose.
CHAPTER XII AN INTERVIEW WITH THE INFAMOUS DR.
A bed is at your service, ma'am.
I am a fire-worshipper, ma'am, he said.
He could not injure me personally.
He could not offend me, I mean.
Was the man uncivil to you, ma'am?
Recall what Nevil was during the war.
Then why the deuce did you do it?
You still have a tinge of Africa, do you know?
Have you gone over to the enemy, Nevil?
We are Tories, you know, Nevil.
Non fu mai gloria senza invidia.
You will have to pardon me; I am a terrible foe.
Does one see everything in a mirror, Nevil?
You'll be beaten in Bevisham, I warn you.
I punish you by answering you seriously.
Retreat and menace, that's the motto for them.
Heaven save us from political parsons!
This was but impudent nonsense.
Is Nevil ruined with his uncle, papa?
Are not a great many lawyers Liberals, papa?
He must have lots of women there.
Do you think much of the women here?
Go to Paris in January, and cut out the Frenchmen.
for dancing, the Frenchwoman beat the Italian.
Why did you set me bowing to that old boy?
A girl like that may have what she likes.
I don't care what she has--there's woman in her.
That Sunday tyranny of yours has to be defended.
She won't let him come to these meetings.
They had no root in the people!
You have Tory, Liberal, and Radical.
The poor old Tory tortoise is nowhere.
Will you take a whip down there?
Sleep was rejected by her, bed itself.
I give you three days--no more.
You are tired, from not sleeping last night.
Noi veggiam come quei, che ha mala luce.
She cried, You have my full consent, and left them.
His historic harem was insulted.
It is for him to kneel, my dearest.
and your seven-feet high uncle?
They kept him out of the last war!
That country seems to frown on me.
Gaze on it with the eye of our parent orb!
He didn't know where he was; all abroad, poor boy.
My belief is he's a Fire-worshipper.
He's an incendiary, at any rate.
Creeds will not die not fighting.
Now, pray attend to this, colonel.
A Tyrant offers them to be directly their friend.
Never in my life have I heard such stuff.
The old communist and socialist!
Not if I have your word, ma'am.
I request you abstain from provocations with me.
Now mark, I will be plain with you.
There is no escape for you from this.
Have you taken too much wine, gentlemen?
Ay, have at me, all of you, as much as you will!
His companion pooh-poohed and said: Foh!
His last word was that he is for war with us.
Nevil, your terrible view of life must be false.
I've no doubt he richly deserved it.
and after an interval: Gallows!
He behaved badly when you saw him, did he?
You think he ought to be whipped?
Did he insult you at all, ma'am?
That will do, ma'am, he dismissed her.
I cannot say that he was not offensive.
No, but you set fire to the train.
There's no other course for you.
But you would never tell your uncle that?
So you say to sit idle: but do as I tell you.
and lie in peace, old Shrapnel!
I'm not astonished you're sick and ill.
You took her to that man's gate.
You make it hard for me to treat you with respect.
Into opening her lips wider; nothing else.
You went on that brute's errand in ignorance.
Hesitation about it doubles the infamy.
And he took his punishment like a man.
They can't spell; they can scarcely speak.
Only he has got the word people in his mouth.
You have not seen her as I have.
An old man, utterly defenceless, making no defence!
Have you forgotten Mr. Austin, papa?
The French story is untrue, papa.
No, you know too well I can't resist you.
What right have you to be lecturing and orationing?
If she comes she will hear what I think of her.
Cecil struck out his underjaw to reply: Oh!
Sailors are credulous: you know them.
The world does not stone men, said Renee.
Old women, Nevil; intriguers, tattlers.
Beauchamp closed the door on her.
Get her to eat, ma'am; you must.
Stones are easier to move than your English.
You don't study your countrymen.
And where have you arranged for me to go, ma'am?
You're never thinking of any one else, ma'am.
When he has apologized to you, I may, ma'am.
I am no match for you, my lord.
Has the rascal been questioning your conduct?
He permitted himself to sneer at you?
Time goes forward, ma'am, and you go round.
I'm afraid you've dished yourself.
So little did he understand men!
Well, if I suffer, let me think of her!
I insist on your keeping silence.
You are a woman not to break your word.
It would be impossible for you to speak the truth.
That man will employ every weapon.
It is the same with all your friends.
Now leave me, my dear Nevil, she said.
It is powerful only while subservient.
He doesn't look as if he were attracted.
Of course, papa, I would not chain you to England.
This is the sort of fellow my girl worships!
There, your cheeks are flushed.
You won't doubt if I bring you proofs.
Now I'm off, said he, and kissed her.
They're prejudiced, I dare say.
You're not dealing with an intelligent people.
Defend us from the uneducated English!
you have had a bruise on yours.
I may die; I may be spared the sight.
I cannot endure a second persecution.
We scoff at the simplicity of the Germans.
That you can't say of the English.
None despises the English in reality.
You went: and not a word for me!
The colonel has discovered his Tory young man!
You refuse me: you have not heard me.
It's useless to look icy: you feel what I say.
I have not even the right to listen to you.
The counter-argument, I call treason.
That, the Tory reaction is responsible for!
Now, was that abuse of the fellow?
You will get no release from him.
He is ill; he is desperately ill; he will die.
Is it not a kind of cowardice to conceal it?
You don't see what frets her, colonel.
He fought to the skeleton in our last big war.
Frenchwoman or not, that affair's over.
I could strangle the world till that month's past.
Perish every consideration to avert it!
Only, my ignorance is fever; I share Nevil's.
Ignorance and suspense have been poison.
I burn to go; but your going will satisfy me.
They will not hurt me, but relieve.
Shall fear to see you returning yet.
Ce sont les tenebres qui tuent.
You don't keep watch in the room, my dear, do you?
The world asks them to practise its own hypocrisy.
My dear girl, you are exciting yourself.
Now listen the man insulted you.
My dear saint, you're dreaming.
The man roughed you, and I taught him manners.
Yes, my dear girl, but not to act insanely.
She is driving him to it, intentionally or not.
Don't attempt to reason with me, please, please!
Language like that offends you.
Now, my dear lord, see that, and submit.
We separate ourselves from a wretch like that.
Heed not that girl, my Beauchamp.
Six men won't hurt you more than one.
And why check them when their feelings are up?
And we're the worst nation in Europe for that.
Which was the arm that bled for me?
You are not to have your hand back: it is mine.
Witness, doctor, she s mine by her own confession.
Here are more misunderstandings!
palpitated, and destroyed and re-made her.
Don't tell me he's a good fellow.
Let it go; let all go for dowerless Jenny!
Instantly off they scour, Egoist and imps.
The man is a Marine, but he is a Patterne.
Have you noticed that he has a leg?
He has it as Cicero had a tongue.
Constantia was called that mad thing.
Heaven forefend a collision between cousins!
It would soon be getting ridiculous.
Wives are plentiful, friends are rare.
You would not have her natural?
It is, you will allow, gross; it is a beast.
The picture once conjured up would not be laid.
I see a ring of monkeys grinning.
Kneel to Heaven, not to me, Willoughby.
Come and see me mount Black Norman.
To purchase, you must pay, my child.
We are one: the world may do its worst.
Two months hence she was a bondwoman for life!
Poison of some sort must be operating in her.
They are laughable, contemptible.
No: they will be eating themselves up.
As if I were going to lecture you, you silly boy!
It is wrong to pet a big boy like you.
Does not he what you call tip you, Crossjay?
Woman is excellent for the upper.
They won't take rough and smooth as they come.
They are society's hard-drilled soldiery.
Prussians that must both march and think in step.
He has not dealt much with children.
Only I can't prevent the lad from liking me.
She reasoned: in other words, armed her ignorance.
This is not a language I talk to the world.
It is my wish, and that arms you.
It is your wish, that subjugates him.
Know one Frenchman and you know France.
And they are the benefactors of humanity.
Beware of marrying an Egoist, my dear!
Don't, I beg you, continue to annoy me.
We are likely to have one idle lout the more.
I want to be free . . . Flitch!
Volatile, unworthy, liberty--my dearest!
The sight of that man was annoying.
Once off, off for all eternity!
At night you will go to bed, Crossjay.
If you are thinking of tyrants, it may be so.
The world has not much right to judge.
Then she would not be much of a loss.
Are you not singularly tolerant?
They are palpable, small enough.
Reprobate a weak and foolish girl's ignorance.
More offensive than debris of a midnight banquet!
Do you call our country flat, Miss Middleton?
I can imagine learning to love ugliness.
Is there any other way of punishing them?
Consider what you lose in punishing them.
The rogue has no cousin, has she?
The man had better have hanged himself, said she.
He loathed the fellow, fought the fellow.
Now let me intercede for poor Flitch.
If it pleases you; but my rules are never amended.
You decree me to the part of ball between two bats.
They are rather intolerant of us poor fellows.
THE IRISHMAN IN SPAIN would do.
You remind me that I have no pretension to black.
And now let me see you run fast.
We, sir, dedicate genius to the cloacaline floods.
Mulier tum bene olet', you know.
Most fragrant she that smells of naught.
Terrors of apprehension drive them.
told her she was woman and never could submit.
You expect me to be all reason!
You don't carry a comb, my man, when you bathe?
And if they capsize, why, tis a natural ducking!
Then I'm afraid they must be mortally dull.
Ay, she had the kiss, and no mean one.
There would be pangs for him too, that Third!
He would not remember that but for hateful wine!
We are vain and shallow, my dear papa.
It's the worst thing possible to work on.
The boatswain daren't strike an officer!
You are not bound to, Crossjay.
That was when Vernon lay beneath.
So you know what a delightful partner she is.
Now, take care before you open your mouth.
Crossjay shut the mouth he had opened.
But ain't it now, young gentleman?
Why, what a beast you must be, you fellow!
Just as you like, young gentleman.
And why did I swear, young gentleman?
But why are you sitting here wet through, Crossjay!
Crossjay ground his teeth at the betrayer.
But you're a Grecian, friend Vernon.
You must be wet through, Mr. Whitford.
Only you speak in irony so much.
I have no more endurance left in me.
Miss Middleton, Flitch is charioteer once more.
Flitch is to blame, if any one.
Except, pray, to advance the cause of poor Flitch!
He found her protected by Barclay on the stairs.
here you are, safe; I have you!
I have been all over the country after you.
You disperse money too liberally.
That boy must be made to feel his treason.
You have not suffered from the truth, my Clara!
No. Did Willoughby look at her?
All the means of satiating them are at my disposal.
His deceitfulness has been gross.
But the poor boy is to be expelled!
snared ever by the sparkling and frivolous!
She took a breath before she moved.
You are excluded, Mr. Whitford.
If you learn that I am a grisly Egoist?
I was curiously susceptible last night.
You brought Dr. Middleton down on you.
You have hit it perfectly, as usual, ma'am.
Her laughter was delicious; rain in the desert!
She has the kind of attraction.
Like a Jacobite lord under the Georges.
Why, she is as good as married.
These Irish or half Irishmen are my taste.
Now, did you observe him last night?
When one does get intimate with a dainty rogue!
Have you never warmed together?
You are all the sweeter to me for not being tame.
Eloquence is a terrible thing in woman.
Are you playing humble handmaid?
It's to be regretted that you are not portionless.
She told me last night she had it back.
Let me have a good gaze at you.
Your look just now was downright revulsion.
I am utterly in your hands, madam.
You have behaved badly, badly, badly.
Oh, yes; every day it's the same.
Or a baby, you might have added.
Be alert, as you were last night.
I'm too weighty, my dear friend.
Yes, yes, she is clever, of course, poor dear.
The voluble beast was created to snare women.
You work in that den of yours every day?
In there I throw off the world.
Playing ta-ta-ta-ta ad infinitum, then.
As I said, ma'am, I am an easy-going man.
He buried the woman, and I received him.
you continue to work with your pen?
You are too precious to feed the beast.
The world would know what to think.
Love gets a bad name from them.
You never loved me, you shallow woman!
I will have an answer, I am sick of evasions.
Name it; for you see your power.
Would you have me kneel to you, madam?
It is for the privilege of seeing the last of you.
Jam ver egelidos refert tepores.
First prime your piece of artillery, my friend.
You must babble out the rest between you.
You are engaged to him, a plighted woman.
Have you gone back to your cradle, Clara Middleton?
You deny him the happiness you wish him!
Your behaviour is of that shape.
I am volatile, capricious, flighty, very foolish.
Yellowhammer, Crossjay yelled back.
Don't order me, Crossjay was retorting.
And I found you running away from him.
You're a curiosity, Mr. Crossjay Patterne.
I recollect that you set me on my legs, doctor.
We're all her friends, Crossjay.
I flatter myself I'm a Toledo when I'm wanted.
You looked it when you made a dash at my midriff.
Why, you upset her, you know, now and then.
Everything I have is on the die.
Only women besides myself have detected him.
I came, saw, and was conquered.
What is the signification of this new freak?
I am willing to satisfy you, Clara.
You tried hard to escape, indeed you did.
Did I hear him tell you to humour me, papa?
--Your feelings; he would have your feelings!
And now her door is locked to me!
And your daughter the same, sir?
DALE: LADY BUSSHE AND LADY CULMER: WITH MRS.
Her door is locked to me; I have not seen her.
Mr. Dale gulped a ball in his throat.
You see the impossibility, the error!
You, and none but you, can help us.
And more astounding, she refuses him.
Old Vernon has no tongue for women, poor fellow!
I think I heard that no woman can say No forever!
That is, if we subdue the lady.
You are not to be excited, sir: compose yourself.
As good as one can have with a woman.
You have no positive knowledge of it!
You tower too high; you are inaccessible.
To plant you like the flag on the conquered peak!
You have indeed been talking to papa, Mr. Whitford.
Perhaps, poor fellow, he had an excuse last night.
There was a cry of Persecuting!
Able as Satan himself, they say.
You could not have been curious about a worse one.
Yes, the looking on him sufficed.
So are we gradually self-stifled, corrupt.
Rome stagnant invited Goth and Vandal.
And you will have to be fought for.
Part of you may be shifty-sand.
Clearly you will have to be fought for.
She is mine; I have won her this night!
May the sensation never quit you!
Why will you not rise to my level and fear nothing!
Battles are won in that way: not by tender girls!
So, then, we are in your hands, child!
I jest as little as the Talmud.
She has me fast--I am netted, centaur or man.
I am your reality: all others are phantoms.
and slipped behind her defences.
Mothers and their children are too much for me!
Shall I spoil you as she spoilt me?
Lo, the reckless prophet about to marry!
They hate--hate you, hate me for thinking of you.
They will not listen; they loathe Oh!
They will not, will not ever--no!
They have to be taught the stuff Alvan is made of!
No one shall treat you like that when I am near.
You can annoy, you can insult, you cannot move me.
And never will I return to you.
You shall acknowledge that you have wronged me.
Think that you are doing this for me!
She was isolated, fed like a dungeoned captive.
They are undermining her now--now--now!
Incomprehensible to you, Tresten?
Her letter may sting, it shall not dupe.
born to it!--lies like a Saint tricking Satan!
She's weak, thin, a reed; she--let her be!
You shall write that you hate him, if you hesitate!
I would rather write that I hate him.
You write, the man is now as nothing to me!
You have as much of me as is there.
Let him beckon!--So you have your warning.
She shuddered at this false Tresten.
Barely are they able to read of it.
He has never understood women--cannot read them.
She will drag him down, down, Tresten!
She has him by the worst half of him.
Alvan has been tricked by her colour: she's icy.
Take her on the light in it, she is perfection.
There you have Clotilde: she's a TO-MORROWER.
You read her as she is when away from me.
she cannot, she will not refuse.
I have my clear judgement, I am not an imbecile.
She is all young heaven and the mountains for me!
coloured like a lantern in a cavern, good Lord!
I can't; she makes me feel too old, said Alvan.
Days like these are the days for her to be out.
Does she hint at rewarding him for his trouble?
Did you repeat her words to him?
Hard for any man to bear!--Alvan of all men!
He'd have been alive now if he had been left alone.
Leczel is with him and gives him head.
You would be above it, if you had.
It is the dark goddess Fortune to the craven.
Alvan had resolved to sweep him off the earth.
REDWORTH AND THE EXTERIOR OF MR.
It can be read maliciously, but abstain.
Tony to me, Diana to the world.
the General was Irish to the heels that night.
a man had me by the waist, and I dying to find you.
Yes, that s their way, that s their way!
Wherever the man is tried, he said.
Dan Merion would make her Irish all over.
But your voice or mine, madre, it's one soul.
REDWORTH, AND THE EXTERIOR OF MR.
that's the fellow's name he heard close at his ear.
Would a soft slap o the cheek persuade you, sir?
If you fight, you're a donkey for doing it.
But the burlesque Irishman can't be caricatured.
I have discovered that I can be a tigress!
Where was the man fitly to mate her!
This was her unconscious act of reprisal.
I have questioned myself--it is not cowardice.
I have my natural weapons and my cause.
Scorn other counsel--the coward's.
And down heer'll be no better soon, I tells em.
It's the Devil come up and abroad ower all England!
That's a crown for any dwellin!
Owner of such a woman, and to lose her!
Can you resist her appeal to you?
Did it matter whether the flames consumed her?
Let me be myself, whatever the martyrdom!
What is the husband of a vanward woman?
You are not quite yourself to your friend.
When we have a man for arbiter, he is our sky.
You will judge whether he disrespects me.
You address a faulty person, my dear.
Open your eyes to what it involves.
Let him go his ways, do his darkest, or repent.
She had not the heart to think the writers donkeys.
My dear, he was also a double-dealer.
This is the creature you try to excuse!
And that touches only their nerves.
Designing slumberers are such infants.
He told me you were the Damon and Pythias of women.
Court her, if ever you come across her.
Do not breathe London or Paris here on me.
If you stoop to tickle them, they will applaud.
He called her a perverted Celimene.
in the irritating tone of dozens of others.
I caught a girl with a bad fit on her once.
The bridge at night is a bath for a public man.
. . . In either case, she has been badly used.
Society is big engine enough to protect itself.
She would have gone under, but for you, dear Tony!
But now I see that the sin is cowardice.
Am I really as dull as a tract, my dear?
I did it last night in that time.
You can't breathe this atmosphere!
The fellow's as cold as a fish.
They've no such thing as mutton, ma'am.
Men have the trick, infants their fevers.
He has no female relations, it appears.
If I hear one word more of it, I leave the country.
When they parted, she kissed her Tony many times.
They would be hateful--baseness!
Here I cannot--if I am to be persecuted.
You shall live, my darling Tony.
I shall not be in the way, ma'am.
Women are guilty of such unreasoning acts!
A luckless member of the fraternity too!
A common donkey compared to her!
My oath on it, she won't quiver a muscle!
She s the loyallest woman anywhere.
She would have gone to heaven and left me!
Now he saw the beast he was: a filthy beast!
It is the devil, think as you like of it.
I fear I was born godmotherless.
He was wounded; he said as much.
There's no checking of maniacs.
Coward, take up your burden for armour!
Then the Turk is a sapient custodian!
Rank me one of the populace then!
you will go down ignorant to your grave!
Socially a Mussulman, subject to explosions!
They know nothing of us whatever!
Women have to walk with a train.
It is ill serving a mad sovereign.
Vain to be shrewish with the world!
For I am not one of the lecturing Mammonites!
It makes me a loathsome hypocrite.
Dangling and swinging day and night!
No; the fault is mine when I am degraded.
And she was never prudish, only self-respecting.
And you think me a romantic object?
You are not afraid of the streets at night?
Deeper within, an unmasked actress, she said.
You are not afraid of the streets, you tell me.
They have their feelings, ma'am.
She forgave; and a shudder seized her.--Snake!
The thing's bad enough to bear as it is.
But where did you go last night?
He sneered constantly at my stale information.
Then you sold me to a journalist for money?
Or else I am subject to lose my reason.
She was guilty, and he condemned her.
Enough that the brute facts justified him.
But was she not a shameless traitor?
So ends a life of misery, my dear!
Diana's bedroom door was opened slowly.
She's down with a cold, you know.
I fancy I ought to know women by this time.
I am down there where they burn.
. . . any amount of insult, meek as gruel!
I tell him, he has no sense of national pride.
Tom Redworth is not a patriarch, my dear.
Your batting is with the tongue.
Poetic men take aim at maidens.
This was her pretty piece of work!
Well, it's cheap, it ain't bad; it's cooling.
And a scoundrel like that fellow Wroxeter!
The cur said it to a woman--hang the woman!
And she's a fire-ship; by heaven, she is!
And a black-leg cur like Wroxeter!
Or she was obscured, and he felt the face.
It's always a pleasure to see her.
Idleness is the devil--or mother of him.
I d swear she only waits for asking.
But you're not the man to be refused.
You're her friend--her champion.
You're feeling it now, on the rack, by heaven!
There is the mother for such chicks!
I can't say much for a bilious temper.
I will take your arm here, she said.
You withdraw your hand--was I rough?
If all Englishmen were like him!
DISCLOSES A STAGE ON THE DRIVE TO PARIS XV.
And none of your dam punctilio, said the man.
No, but one doesn't like being beaten by anything!
on his, a troop of mercenaries!
They do not smile on the condemnable.
That will teach you to catch at the drug.
You have not yet seen all I ve done there.
You reserve it for your enemies.
You've been a bulwark to your friends.
the woman has threatened it before.
She won't be touched, and she won't be driven.
Consider: she HAS used the rod.
She must be tired out--if human.
And the kind of reward she gets?
I am bound to defend it, clumsy bludgeon or not.
Where, do you imagine, she would lay it?
Moulding itself on her swelling proportions.
They're Society's trusty rock-limpets, no doubt.
There's not a Frenchman alive to match her.
Good, but when do we reach your level?
You two hate a man at all serious.
And he doesn't bore with his knowledge.
But, my goodness, you are wet through!
Her age might count twenty-eight: too long!
Skepsey's head dropped lower, he went as a ram.
Suppose we are not prepared?--We soon get that up.
Allow me to say, you would not touch me.
Ever had the worse of an encounter, sir?
The French are in a state of feverish patriotism.
They are inconscient, real fits.
You don't read that olfactory literature.
By the way, you haven't wealth--you have me.
You were fined for your inability to quite see.
This boxing of yours is a positive mania, Skepsey.
. . . that is, not the respectable ones.
And if the worst happens, we go down together.
Nataly heard him at night, on a moan: Poor soul!
You've heard Colney Durance abuse old England.
Have you seen anything offensive to you?
Her dropping breath was audible.
Ecstasy answered in the female voice.
Hem'd fool I am to keep appointments!
by George, your friend's gizzarded me for the day!
She will not have it; warns me.
Think what you can good of her, by all means!
Only I do say it deserves to be called abominable.
And I am made of flesh, I admit it.
Leave the tussle with that woman to me.
Absurd, that sending of Jarniman!
Are you aware of anything, dear?
She heard the soft regular breathing.
They're donkeys till we know them for prophets.
You and I always have the same tastes, Fredi.
I like to see him with you, she said.
Nataly could have cried: Snake!
Now for the country, now for free breathing!
All fancies and internal communications left her.
Handsome now, she must have been beautiful.
Unguiltily tainted, in herself she was innocent.
I'm your British Jury for, a woman's.
I wish to serve you, in every way.
What a life for a man like Dartrey, at Brighton!
Shall they return to their Great Britain indignant?
A funny and a naughty reason, was it?
She is different, if you are alone with her.
You would not be ridiculous to me.
God help you!--I am excited to-day.
I know I would never do you harm.
Your mother would not like me to call you Nesta!
They make me shut; that is all.
At the worst, they are sisters!
Your mother comes down to consult with you.
Most probably because he has not written, papa.
When last you left England, I kissed your hand.
I have it like a snake's bite night and day.
And I can't be crying for the end either.
So the sycophants are sure of posts!
There are lots to flatter her, Skepsey!
You never made love to me, never!
I call myself a fool--I'm a lunatic.
Positively, you are to go; and it's my command.
Don't you see you have to do with a flint!
I shall burn with shame when I think of it.
They say a woman hates if she's refused.
I saw the kind of cloud in her.
Blame me as much as you like: I do myself.
It won't punish, and it won't let you.
To confound the innocent with the guilty!
It is criminal, a reduplication of the criminality!
He says, the Germans despise us most.
You are not to mind your looks.
They worship at a niche in the wall.
He allowed, that she could not be quite gay.
Superior to his official parasites, one supposes!
That Demerara Supple-jack, Victor!
They struck the maid adored by Skepsey.
They're the scandal of our streets.
We may wash, trim, purify, but we must not maim it.
Ignorant of the character of the dreadful woman?
Ah, if I could ever in anything think her ignorant!
This woman is a rod on my back.
. . . behaviour, talk-her English.
You're not wanting in courage, Nesta.
She was mentally phrasing before she said: Absence.
My own mother!--my poor mother!
A good mother's view is not often wrong.
I feel strong when you press it.
Pray, go, dear, her mother said.
I harped on Major Worrell: my daughter insulted.
They are banned by self-respecting readers.
Nataly said to him publicly: I come too.
Your sight requires protection.
Once she was all for him and our girl.
Rough soap for a thin skin, Victor.
I left her straining for breath.
On that day, Victor breathed his last.
EXHIBITS EFFECTS OF A PRATTLER'S DOSES VIII.
Go to bed, was one of his terrible stings.
There was a notion that Matey despised girls.
That was fun to set boys jigging.
She became nearly black in their minds.
I hate duelling, but I side with my brother.
Expects to have to fight them all the same.
We must turn to the boys for justice, then.
Name your day for this man, this editor.
Women have won round fools to give way in that way.
Ormont can't swallow the woman, I'm told.
Trying, if one is bound to get her down!
She must be a blinking moll-owl!
His cheeks are as red as yours now you're blushing.
We have him sitting on our pariah.
Boys and women go on their instincts.
Supposing a certain woman to be one of the fools?
You'll see when you mustn't offend.
Give him head, he can be civilization's devil.
He goes through a campaign daily.
I say he is an unreadable sphinx.
The void of Justice is a godless region.
I can scarcely pretend to that, ma'am.
Here in London she must have a duenna.
Aminta will enjoy the switch of steel.
Invasion can't be done, they say!
I will remember . . . when I call you out.
All I can tell you is, I know boys.
And you are not speaking seriously.
You drove him out of me the day I saw him.
Is that the way with a boy, Mr. Secretary?
These English ll have their lesson.
Anything's better than loutishness.
They think me a hard old woman.
There'll be a nice explosion one day soon.
You try to provoke me; you take liberties.
Messenger informs her, fear of internal hemorrhage.
she was angrily spurned and silenced.
Undoubtedly, she dislikes the vicious.
She said good-bye to cowardice.
I like him, but I could slap him.
I must redden if you keep looking at me so closely.
You wouldn't hesitate to fire; I'm sure.
They ll have their day for repentance yet.
That was the best thing an old woman could hear.
They ve lost their stomach for any other.
They go as they are driven, or they resist.
Undoubtedly he could crush her.
I ve done my utmost to fire his marrow.
Spur, you dolt, or she'll be out of sight.
You have been shamefully used, madam.
Where did you say they got out, you dog?
I don't want to hear her gibberish.
or will he have her fast and tight?
Mortals have no business to interfere.
That done, we may, if we please, dominate her.
I wonder whether they have consciences!
If you had swallowed them, you'd have to disgorge.
You will submit to the summons of my lawyers.
You're bent on a public scandal, are you?
You will behave yourself when you call.
A truly dismal, profitless wrangle!
I would rather they were burnt.
No, you guess wrong this time, you clever shrew!
All women were eclipsed by her.
Anguish balanced pleasure in them both.
She had to be the hypocrite or else--leap.
You won't be seeing much of her.
A woman's innocence has a rainbow skin.
Any reasonable person must think it.
She smote a pang of her ecstasy into him: Ask mine!
You were looked for last night.
I may play--not you: you play with a weak vessel.
I have conversed with your mother.
Aminta, my beloved, if you are free, I claim you.
I don't think the just would condemn us heavily.
The society you've given her, I won't meet.
You ll be running at her heels next.
I can't see my brother look like that, and not ask.
I am a soldier, fresh from Monte Video.
We come to the grounds of my misbehaviour.
It follows, I was a liar and a traitor.
But, to myself; I was that mean fellow.
If any one can make a man of him, you will.
THE RED WARNING FROM A SON OF VAPOUR XL.
There you may see a truly terrible man.
If not incarcerated, she was rigidly watched.
Keep your tears for the living.
By the way, don't expect much of your uncle.
Handsomer than your brother, my girl.
I'll pay Anton to stick to him.
So that they may not think me so ignorant, brother.
Baden will detain my cousin full a week.
She would not have her reason in consenting.
This music burst out to mock me!
They never last long enough with me.
One does not meet a man like you every day.
Have your fling; but don't get bitten.
Men were around her, forming a semi-circle.
and discomposed his argumentative mind.
If I believed in Black Arts, upon my word!
The rarest thing men teach women to feel for them!
Here, come, no, by Jove, you, Mr. Woodsir!
If you pull!--what the deuce do you want?
I'm at your mercy, you brute; caught in a trap.
I apologize for abusing you; I can't do more.
And, upon my soul, I could drink ditchwater!
You are not in a position to be so charitable.
Not love, do you say?--you look it.
She has repeated them to me here in my bedroom.
I have seen his lips form wife.
Why mention Russett's nonsense to me?
She still wears the kind of afterglow.
Your lordship's obedient servant, FLEETWOOD.
Admiral Baldwin inquired: Bride inside?
And he's a lucky dog, if he knows his luck.
She spared him one whip, to cut him with another.
His behaviour was instructing her.
English weather and women, he says.
You may double your bets, Chummy.
I'd back you for your luck blindfold.
We slept here last night, you know.
You wouldn't have the odds, if he weren't.
If she was not there, he would leave his excuses.
Here and there the thing has been found in women.
The madder the world, the madder the fun.
Got to watch over you and your lady.
Oh, he's well, he will do; he's nothing.
Your reason for playing, poor lad?
The tippler's fumes in his head!
His mother was a South Wales woman.
I and Sarah sleep together in the room next.
You've taken to this lady, he said.
I believe she's happier with us girls.
The messenger, the butler said, was no gentleman.
Flings her off the day he married her!
It s a slap in the face to all of us.
She was wine and no penalty to me.
Be very quiet; you will be; consent to everything.
I can't rest for that Whitechapel of yours.
You left her, and she did her best to follow you.
Anything to escape from the Church!
She has a brother living, I remind you.
You are not yourself, Lord Fleetwood.
You don't improve as you proceed.
It is visible enough then:--and O men!
Dexterous contriver, he undoubtedly is.
I heard her my husband and saw his face.
He don't mean to hurt her; he won't be beaten.
My mistress wanted to be the one.
I've got a mistress to look after.
No, not like a dog, as men say of us.
She'd die for him this night, need were.
This matrimony's a bad business.
and, Does it mean my lady wants a fly?
He thinks me a frightful woman.
No more--the next line would be bleeding.
Could that woman resist seductions?
Much tasted, they turn and bite the biter.
She shall have all the distractions we can offer.
She feared the Jesuit in your friend.
Hating the mother, he would not love her boy.
You have no fear of the men, I know.
The man I do not think a bad man.
My boy makes a coward of his mother.
A young woman in her prime, you Madge!
If you ain't a girl to wallop the wind!
You make me break out at my pores.
Don't drink or you'll have your paytron on you.
Stick to that as long as your paytron consents.
And can only just read, and can't spell.
He's a lucky little one to have that mother.
Well, your mistress has that beauty.
She has only to discontinue maddening.
Don't be a prosy dog, Gower Woodseer.
It's your one chance of keeping sane.
If I have to speak a truth I m boorish.
You dirt your hands, hit or miss.
You're a milder boor when you smoke.
Lay on, then, as hard as you like.
You want me to flick your indecision.
No wonder his diction was poor.
The men are all right, they would not hurt a child.
Children of the poor have happy mothers.
He put me before him and drilled me.
there is that one child bitten.
Lose not one minute, Mr. Edwards.
You don't know these excitable people.
You may be proposing gratuitous agony.
Griffiths may keep his head; it's the only chance.
You ll find yourself in a nest of Furies.
Now she, proposes to burn the child's wound.
She has the voice poor people like.
Kit hitched and huffed away, threatening bottles.
Sharp air for a child, isn't it?
Poor little wretch has died--died raving.
Ah, and then would he dare hint, as base men will?
She said: I do, and gave him plain look for look.
let her have what comes to her.
Carinthia saw her brother tickled and interested.
You are the mistress to invite or exclude.
You may feel the cold, my lord.
A pipe is pleasant dreams at command.
Do but listen to the stuff we are maundering!
More old Brosey wins, the wiser he gets.
Their sparkle was transient; woman had them fast.
She s cool as a marble Venus, as you said.
But then, there's a manner of hitting back.
The kind of woman to send the shaft.
The Reveller's Aurora, you called her.
Tell her I depute you to kiss my son for me.
She declares you're incorruptible.
Why guess at this rascal more than another?
See a higher than your own head, good sir.
She has given proof she s a good girl.
That attack on the Welshman's the bad lookout.
We must down on our knees or they.
He was here to feel her presence in her absence.
Anything to get to that girl of his!
Empty of it, she is devil's bait.
Least of all men, I, Carinthia.
But there are rascals in this country, too.
I would pray to be spared seeing them.
I can't regret you are a mother.
God knows what you may save me from!
My brother is a courteous gentleman, my lord.
Good-bye to you, my lord, she said.
A female Meek had eighty-nine years in this life.
He handed her the rod to chastise him.
You are not to think her wild, my lord.
He belongs to the order of primitive people.
Out there in the war she is protected.
He has got rid of one to take up with a viler.
Her husband hated her brother; and why?
I don't pretend I was the perfect fool.
They suppose it the wine for their beautiful woman.
We have to be burnt to come to our senses.
He tossed me to his dogs; fair game for them!
she was merciless, she was a witch.
If ever queen-witch was, she was the crowned one!
The Saxon trooper runs headlong to flesh.
I'll pay a visit to their breeding establishments.
That's Captain Con, I think, and many like him.
Some of them are hurt if you call them Welsh.
Saxon and Norman are still their enemies.
Say the worst of them, they are soundheaded.
He seems more Irish than his brother.
She's a friend worth having, lost to Ireland.
They will favour you with provocation.
Half-breeds are the ruin of colonists.
I'm only interpreting the people, sir.
You don't care for her any more, Philip?
Maybe they re both Irish, then?
It signifies she's cold in her bed.
But they won't try to understand our people.
Your humorous rogue is not half so taking.
unless when you see him standing immortal meek!
Boy born Vienna doctor smiling nurse laughing.
Let them play Vesuvius down there.
You won't engage yourself by coming.
Bother his wig, if he calls himself Law.
Sophistries of any description, I detest.
But she was talking to a soldier!
You'd a right to cut him up at once, Forbery.
And there you have the symbolism of your country.
She was easily appeased, too easily.
and we will let you know you have a stomach.
Furiously we disagree with you.
We are in you to lead you or work you pangs!
Hereditary hatred is approved by critical disgust.
And aren't you the same and worse?
The maids of his Church do not espouse her foes.
Then he's coming all right, is he?
You deserve them, if ever girl in this world!
There's nothing she's not capable of aiming at.
These officers bear illness well.
Reap the rich harvest of your fall to earth.
Appreciate her, sir, or perish in my esteem.
We think her a good-looking girl.
Soldiers are desperate creatures.
Thrilling to kindness, and, poor soul!
We have warned you, Fraulein Groschen!
it was Satan himself I could swear!
Look at the men of Linz now to what they were!
if old scores could be rubbed out on his hide!
Ruin smokes in that ruffian's track.
and nothing will from such godless devourers.
Others have been martyred, and were yet acceptable.
Down with her, and no more drivelling!
exclaimed Gottlieb, jumping with rage.
May you die as rich as an abbot!
I'll see, too, if the laws allow this villany!
You wouldn't shut out your nearest kin?
This'll sharpen you, my jolly King Paunch!
My name s Schwartz Thier, and so s my nature!
the daughter of Gottlieb Groschen?--Rascals!
I ll hang you, every hag's son!
He does not understand you now, Farina.
I have kissed your hand, dearest of God's angels!
What are you talking and capering at, fellow?
I am enamoured of fleshly anguish and martyrdom.
I faith, moon-struck and maid-struck in one!
He'll be asking for his head soon.
he cried; no further harm shall hap to you, man!
the dog has some right on his side.
O birdie, and boar, and deer, lie tame!
I feel friendly with these German lads.
Dear, sweet-mannered men they are!
Do you call my champion handsome, aunt?
And the writing said: SWEETEST MAIDEN!
Now he is in trouble-in prison.
They're curious, the old women, curse em!
And the young, for that matter.
Her neck's silver, and her hair gold.
and her cheeks roses, and her mouth-say no more!
They say he spoke of her last night.
I may well watch, and think for thee as for a dog.
I keep a book of them Down There!
I give them all they want, aha!
Persuade yourself you're dreaming.
Admirably-Benignant-Down-looking Highness That!
Instantaneous riddance of thee from face of earth.
No. You're more than a match for me.
By the breath of your nostrils; pause!
Do you know that fellow squatting there?
Look you--what's your lockjaw name?
I knocked the devil out of him early this morning.
What has his belly done to offend him?
a meal for a Kaiser, the brute.
and let me see the fellow that thinks evil of it.
A Swabian blockhead, aren't you?
Act as I tell you, or I'm for Cologne.
You will see her, and die under her eyes.
Sweet, deep, disaster-toning nightingale!
Oh, young bird of heaven in that Devil's clutch!
Monk or no monk's leave, she's mine.
There's a lesson for you not to cross me, children!
We kissed her, all of us, for the fun of it.
Vanity has wrecked me, in this world and the next.
I am the victim of self-incense.
Satan, my son, fights not with his fore-claws.
But he gave me easy victory, to inflate me.
You are leagued with him, then, sirrah!
could ye not leave Satan alone?
He answered: A poor youth, unconquerable Kaiser!
That is she, unconquerable Kaiser!
Said he: Gracious Kaiser and master!
General, you ran away from me this morning.
She shall be, she will, dear madam.
I say, my life is devoted to you, dear madam.
At present it is enough that I dislike it.
he decided from his experience of her.
You are seductive in your flatteries, General.
Undoubtedly your ladyship is correct.
Now, said he to himself, I know the worst!
Such an end for a conquering man was too pathetic.
I-I-I never know when I am not looking a fool.
To allow her to wound you so seriously!
Where have you left your girl, General?
But, silly, simple man that you are!
It is the fault of your countrymen.
It does not pall on them; they are insatiate.
The alternative is, a garter and the bedpost.
he said, prognostically shaking and moaning.
You have to be on the defensive from that moment.
I would have challenged the goddess!
You would say, kennel dogs that bay the moon!
So I have to deal with a cavalier!
Distrust us, and it is a declaration of war!
Oh, Mr. Beamish, I shall expire.
You're dark, I'm fair; we shall suit.
And if anything happens, it is to be your fault.
Only, don't let me be fingered at.
She muttered, Be made fun of--made a fool of!
Be warned do nothing that will.
And what did his mother do to him?
Couldn't you join Chloe, Mr ....
Caseldy's rich masculine matched it.
Handsome Susie knows what we want.
You're keeping Chloe waiting, sir.
You will learn to excuse them, madam.
he's in bed and fast asleep long before this.
As if I listened to their nonsense!
Hateful, hateful business of the spy!
Very humbly, most earnestly, I beg your departure.
We must grub dirt to match deceivers.
Women have not an idea of our temptations.
You are excused by me for all your errors, Caseldy.
of heavy throbbing from minute to minute.
I don't want help, I can undress myself.
Could it be a hand that her touch had slid across?
You'll have to stump up your part.
You're as good as mayor of this town, I hear?
You're going to Court, I'm told.
You men attach so much importance to wine!
What a funny old country it is!
he drank too much, then, said Tinman.
All her experiences were delicious.
She was insatiable, but satisfied.
We're not; the rascal can't do that.
Oh, papa, you love living in England so!
That Gippsland of yours, my dear.
I'm sure your husband would tell you so.
Then old Tinman fires out, You!
You say it so capitally, Crickledon.
I don't like you the worse for it.
Has your daughter engaged herself, sir?
I feel it still, and in the morning it'll be worse.
Hang me, if I know when ever we were!
You mean me, ma'am, bellowed Tinman.
He has been threatening me, and then smoothing me.
It was annoying to see this intruder.
I suppose you have no business with me?
She doesn't stomach leaving me.
You have provoked me; you have struck me.
Now, rejoined Tinman, I am offended.
The wrong side of my mouth, my friend.
Hang your power over me, as you call it.
The treatment did not always agree with his males.
But Mart Tinman would stop, the fool!
I don't think I'm very wet, I'm cold, said Tinman.
I worked hard, I exposed my life, and all in vain.
You deserve Mr. Pollingray's ridicule.
Mama, I can't move; wait a minute, only a minute.
You would make a saint lose his temper, Mr. Amble.
Mr. Pollingray's name is the worst thing about him.
I know the sort of young man he must have been.
Mr. Pollingray may think what he likes of me.
And what does he say if I continue to complain?
But, you have not heard the worst.
the figure lifts its nose by the extremist tip.
To be no better than a simple hind!
Gilbert, were you serious just now?
Did she have that condescension towards me?
Mr. Pollingray must and does think me a goose.
They mark the prime of a healthy man's existence.
No, I cannot understand French girls.
I saw him, I still see him, like a martyr.
You belong to the camp you are avoiding.
ARDEN: You read through us all, sir.
You sketch me the dimple at her mouth.
LYRA: You disappoint me hugely.
LYRA: My head is out of a sack.
I belong to him, I am cat's mouse.
And he will look doating on me in public.
And I have it planted under my nostrils eternally.
ASTRAEA: Oh, he has good looks.
Just a little maddening to hear.
And you were the worst offender.
He fed gobble-gobble on your puffs of incense.
ARDEN: I will not even think you barbarous.
But be cold, for sweet You must be.
All the fear is, that you trifle, Feigning them.
Pursuit that seemed incessant: persecution.
Say you are terrorized: you dare not melt.
Why sit they Awaiting me, and looking terrible?
We lost, you cry; you join me with you lost!
ARDEN: She's wounded Wounded to the quick!
For Ireland, separation is immediate ruin.
This is the least she can expect, as you know!
Onward have gone, then, the exiled patriots!
onward will go the nation that owns them!
Nous aurons le temps de les faire egorger apres.
Beaten at sea by an inferior force!
WITWOUD: Ay, ay, my half-brother.
These are her laughters in the flesh.
Then man to play devorant straight was fired.
They governed, even as men; they welcomed lays.
Chillianwallah, Chillianwallah!
Come, read the meaning of the deep!
Richer for that glance unconscious!
TO A NIGHTINGALE O nightingale!
We've had a stirring life, old woman!
In ruin and fall, Glory to Britain!
women are such expensive things.
Why, to make a slide for a couple of fools.
You're lucky not being of use to him!
Old England is my dam, whate'er I be!
Such talk to ignorance sounds as raving.
XVI You teach me a fine lesson, my old boy!
I'll preach you to the British nation.
Your hand, Tom, the French fellow kissed!
He kissed my boy's old pounder!
But, oh, the bitter taste her beauty had!
Poor twisting worm, so queenly beautiful!
Sweet dove, Your sleep is pure.
Why did I come here in that dullard fit?
We are the lords of life, and life is warm.
Half serpent in the struggle grow these worms.
If the spy you play, My wife, read this!
So, now it comes: The Deluge or else Fire!
By stealth Our eyes dart scrutinizing snakes.
With commonplace I freeze her, tongue and sense.
They punish you in acts: their steps are brief.
ere I drink, I'll kiss her with an artful wink.
Nine gallant gentlemen In Arad they strung up!
It tingles to your scalps, To think of it, my boys!
Confusion on their Alps, And all their baby toys!
Cluck, went his tongue; his fingers, snap.
O mother, but when he kisses me!
Teach me to blot regrets, Great Mother!
II First, a fool of a boy ran her down with a cart.
Makes me feel like a squirrel that turns in a cage.
On earth there are engines and numerous fools.
My friend, that will you bid them learn.
He shames and binds her, head and limb.
THE POINT OF TASTE Unhappy poets of a sunken prime!
You to reviewers are as ball to bat.
Crying, slip thy scales, and slough!
There meet all: too late look most.
like a child, With the meaning known to men.
Take him for me, take her for you.
Scorn Love, and dread the doom for you.
XVI - O sir, the truth, the truth!
XLII - We have won a champion, sisters, and a sage!
- Sir spokesman, sneers are weakness veiling rage.
XLIII - False ends as false began, madam, be sure!
White of heat, beat on it fast!
God's own gifts Have a devil for the weak.
II Never closed minuet courtlier!
Track the lightning, and you track Attila.
but war, Smoking war's the warrior's wife!
Finger Romeward, Romeward, King!
Ware white women like the moon!
Dust rolls up; the slaughter din.
She is Madness, none may doubt.
foul the waters Cast him; foul he leaves our land.
The prince gazed on capping night.
Cannot other gifts my godhead shed upon thee?
Rose born late, born withered in bud!
With thee, O fount of the Untimed!
The cries most vindicating most defile.
He fought certain battles, yon senile lord.
Giants to slay Demand knowing eyes in their Jack.
But with rhetoric loose, can we check man's brute?
Not thee She cares for, but us.
TO THE COMIC SPIRIT Sword of Common Sense!
So block they at her source the Mother of the Muse.
The green leaves buried him three rounds of moons.
She breathed, and in the breathing craved.
For Strength, her idol once, too long her toy.
The truth is sufficiently terrible.
Almost while speaking, he died.
They had been brought in by Indians.
Hide, head, feet, entrails, all were eaten.
Traveling was now slow work for the dying whites.
Surrounded with wild Indians and wild beasts!
He then told me to make him come into camp.
Her life had been sacrificed for her children.
She must at least live to know the truth.
Her husband had died in her arms.
Before my God, I swear this is untrue!
There were plenty of corpses lying around.
He would only add one more corpse to the many!
he found only her mutilated remains.
Wherever I have gone, people have cried, Stone him!
The white man has a book that talks!
I can of Mine own self do nothing, He said.
Joshua declared: Cursed be the man ...
She is empty, and void, and waste.
For His hand will find out all in that day.
The prophecy is fulfilling before our eyes.
and this city shall remain forever.
The carnal cannot bring forth the spiritual.
I can of Mine own self, He said, do nothing.
About A.D. 34 Stephen was martyred.
It is a terrible word that He speaks.
In Adam all die, the Scripture says.
The nations were angry, and Thy wrath is come.
COPYRIGHT BY UNDERWOOD & UNDERWOOD.
And all that is making for the Armageddon.
Time enough to find her out when we get there.
Good-bye, good-bye; heaven bless you, my boy!
Did they, flinch?--Not a bit of it!
He'll work us ill, depend on that.
I know them too well, the villains!
and I'll treat you as such if you don't look out.
You go too, you lazy youngsters!
What do you make her out to be, O'Carroll?
Whether French or Spaniards, they'll not harm us.
Why, where have you dropped from, youngster?
Well, you Irishmen are indeed curious.
Whenever his image appears banish him with a kick.
We won't hurt ye more than we can help.
Terrible was the scene of slaughter I witnessed.
I am come to demand him from you.
I am an Englishman, but not a spy.
If you are obstinate, overboard you go.
He said it to the wrong person, mother.
But now, I can't stand it any longer.
You've been pining for her all this time.
You won't be able to get away from it.
These fellows are so persuasive, you see.
I hate them, she said, pointing to the latter.
Zora was a woman; she was also young.
I'd get rid of him if I were you.
I've got a revolver in my room.
He looked at her from afar, banteringly.
The fragile creature's air was so pathetic.
You deserve to be on the free list for life.
I'll run you both over to Nice, said Clem Sypher.
She mightn't care for it, he said.
I think they call it stowing the swag.
If I tried to do it they would lock me up.
The preposterous absurdity of the suggestion!
You have lost the train--thank goodness.
I really believe you're made of sawdust.
Afterwards she married a butcher.
He acted like a Salvini and sang like an angel.
The ulterior motive you suggest is repulsive.
Why are you so bent on educating me?
I'm tired for the only time in my life.
I've never wanted a human being before.
Now that's just what I enjoy doing.
You don't mind my looking you up?
You were destined for a more enlightened planet.
You think they are going to whip creation?
I believe you'd let me, she said, yielding.
I think you're the obtusest man I've ever met.
Do anything, except go to sleep, said Sypher.
Haven't you any sense of what you're doing?
I think it's everything that is most abominable.
It cost you a lot to say that to me.
You have everything to do with my success.
Have you ever said that to another woman?
Proceed to Naples and chastise him?
I haven't been spying on you, he explained.
Leave me alone, for God's sake.
I don't want you of all people to get on my nerves.
If I die on the road, so much the better.
Every bit of it has been worse than the last.
You see you're not a bit of use now.
I'm sure they'll make me very comfortable, ma'am.
I did say that, ma'am, I tell you straight.
No. Such a silly thing as running away.
Do you think we need begin now, ma'am?
Don't you think you're just a bit--egotistical?
And then get rid of me as soon as possible?
No one has ever looked to me in all my life.
Her inner world was tragical enough, poor child.
I shall never understand this country!
You're too good for me, and I'm hateful.
I know it, and it drives me mad.
I suppose you would do anything for her.
Have a drink first before I tell you.
I was forgetting my own infernal blister, said he.
Her lips were soft and her breath was sweet.
No woman save his mother had ever kissed him.
If you look like that, Shuttleworth, I shall cry.
It talks all day and does nothing all night.
I've never seen a child with so little nose.
He's a lazy scoundrel, said Sypher.
Emmy isn't fit to educate a rabbit.
And I guess you're doing the same.
One might just as well be a fossil oneself.
He hasn't changed a bit since you left.
What an exasperating thing you are!
Now his gods have gone, and he's lost.
I didn't have any once, and the devils came in.
They drove me to try haschisch.
I may be going mad and have hallucinations.
Clem Sypher, Friend of Humanity!
Women's a regrettable hincident.
She came down by the same train as I did.
You see, my ungovernable temper-- Your what?
By bringing her to me you've saved my reason.
I'll devote my existence to it!
You had your wife and children.
You did the only thing possible.
The Cure will disappear from the face of the earth.
That's the best kind of a fool to be.
That's the worst kind of a fool to be.
I can go where I like, and do what I like.
I'll do just what you would do.
Her days of Hagardom were over.
But suppose you lose your way, Madame Bolivard?
Clem Sypher's a jolly sight too good for her.
But I won't scratch you any more.
And when you grow up, we're going to be greater.
No, it isn't babies; it's somnambulists.
She evidently has a poor opinion of them.
If it's too close I might come here too often.
He was unversed in the ways of women.
I tell you things can't be altered.
Have you been so blind all this time as not to see?
I'll resign every right I have in poor Septimus.
It's you that are wicked and heartless and selfish.
I couldn't with him in the room.
Woman has her own way of doing things.
Be quite frank, for I know everything.
That's why he married your sister.
GENERAL WILLIAM HENRY HARRISON.
Darley BRYANT, WEBSTER AND IRVING.
Portrait by Barrett NATTY, THE TRAPPER.
JAMES FENIMORE COOPER AND HER SON PAUL.
Game's plenty, but nothin else!
I blew it out of the bolt-rope in pure spite!
IN A TRAP X. PHILADELPHIA AT LAST XI.
Besides, you need cheering up, little girl.
She was no girl to be lightly won, after all.
Don't you see you're not doing right?
It was a terrible experience to the girl.
She had never seen a man like this before.
Her hand rested lightly at her belt.
And what sort of a girl was she?
Perhaps she was escaping from justice.
Why do you run away from a woman?
She uses other weapons, he said.
She will never find you that way.
He is big and dark and handsome.
He wants me, and I ran away from him.
But where are your people, your family and friends?
You can't keep going like that.
O, and what was that her mother used to want?
I would rather die with wild beasts.
You would be better off with the beasts.
You make so few mistakes in your English.
He's your brother, ain't he, dearie?
Not an uncle nor cousin nor nothin?
You's a sweet, good girl; an he's a fine man.
You sure he ain't deceivin you, dearie?
I'm lonesome, an there's no women near by here.
The men would like to have a girl round.
I have just run away from a man, a dreadful one.
I don't like to see you go off with that man.
The message read: Your mother seriously ill.
It is not your custom where you come from.
You're made of iron and steel and precious stones.
If anything happened lo her, he would never know.
He walked back to his seat saying to himself, Fool!
You haven't wrote since your little girl was born.
I'd kind of like her to fill your place.
You look so tired, and I've some girls of my own.
You look strong, but you're kind of thin.
Your ma never was dark, ner your pa, neither.
There was no one left to care what I did.
Where can I put him, grandmother?
Lizzie knows one of the fellers that works there.
She'll make it lively fer you right away.
Won't the girls stare when I tell them?
He hated her, and wanted to do her harm.
Just sit and study all day long.
At last I've got you alone, Bessie, my dear!
It's that awful man, grandmother!
That feller in Montana you run away from?
It's all true, and you might's well face it.
They was all nice enough boys cept him.
If he said, Go, she went, no matter what I'd do.
I don't see why she sent another girl.
But I wish now I had stayed out there and died.
Don't you know that's a disrespectful way to speak?
You look like a rough boy with that on.
Why did you always be such a bad, bad boy?
Now I have told you everything, grandmother.
then after a minute: The impertinent fellow!
I mean to make him take me, anyway.
I'm just glad she's out of the way.
But first I must get you fixed up.
Your loving granddaughter, ELIZABETH.
You have not been changed nor spoiled.
And now I am coming to see you.
Don't you remember it, grandma?
I guess mebbe the dook wasn't rich enough.
Elizabeth was used to having people die.
I know you hate dinners and girls.
She was nothing to me after I saw you.
It's all perfectly throwed away on em.
You don't spose she's made a mistake, do you?
She was good to me once several years ago!
Life was mean, hard, small, selfish, and covetous.
FABLES are fictions--additions to the word of GOD.
The French made merry over their blasphemous work.
This was before the birth of the man-child.
the place is too strait for us.
for the Lord God Almighty reigneth.
5:19), which was famous as a valley of slaughter.
And they shall reign forever and ever, 22:5.
FAIRY BIRTHS AND HUMAN MIDWIVES.
Now I am freed, and here I am with my sons.
FAIRY BIRTHS AND HUMAN MIDWIVES (_continued_).
See what thieves these fairies are!
Ah, you wicked thief, I see you!
It'll pit oot kirsnin athegeethir.
Then he exclaimed: A pudding with hide!
The devil will stay here no longer!
THE SUPERNATURAL LAPSE OF TIME IN FAIRYLAND.
Why could you not let me finish my reel, Sandy?
She cried out: Myself has burnt me!
Men have often undertaken her earlier deliverance.
Arrived there, he demands his soul.
This accounts for their conduct ever since.
In other words, the _puttin_ is their totem.
_Am Urds-Brunnen._ Am Urds-Brunnen.
Lectures on the Religion of the Semites.
ROCHESTER: WANZER, BEARDSLEY & CO.
They then commenced throwing bombs.
Thus has THE REMAINDER OF WRATH BEEN RESTRAINED.
To thine own land, the time is come.
I this day glory in being an infidel.
FOOTNOTES: [6] The sickness of her daughter.
Aliens are we in our native land.
Wrecks of a being whence the soul has fled!
Ye Goths and Vandals of his plundered coast!
Sped by the mandate of his recreant train, Lo!
Dwells there a being neath thine eye, oh, God!
We Anglo-Saxons have won a hard name in the world.
FUN-JOTTINGS; OR, LAUGHS I HAVE TAKEN A PEN TO!
* * * * * LEWIE; OR, THE BENDED TWIG!
I will try and make it so, papa.
Now then, one more for the new boy.
and do you know what your lark has done?
No, we've had the lark, and must now be physicked.
More shame, then, for you to touch her.
Boys, I shall never forget that face.
Are they all as bitter as mine?
That kind usually takes off after a night's rest.
You'd be a burden that would slow him down.
They were subject to constant persecution.
. . . Regard not the cries of the godless.
Here he was recognized and arrested.
65 f. SECTION 2. THE CALVINIST PARTY.
Burning alive was the commonest.
The Huguenots were naturally enraged.
Anne Boleyn was not a good woman.
In no country was the corruption greater.
The Inquisition was a child of the Middle Ages.
[Sidenote: Violence] It was an age of violence.
For this omission he was violently attacked.
To an atheist all writings make for atheism.
. . . They mock the pope; they rail on Luther.
SECTION 2. THE RATIONALISTIC CRITIQUE.
{713} SECTION 3. THE LIBERAL-ROMANTIC APPRECIATION.
Stephano Iunio Bruto Celta Auctore.
A savoir, si on les doit persecuter.
R. Lewin: _Luther's Stellung zu den Juden_.
and Inquisition, 242, 378, 415.
Dominicans, 148, 407, 702, 708.
Jesuits in, 405 f. censorship, 419.
Fugger, Bank of, 77, 461, 520 ff.
expels Henry of Brunswick, 120.
attacked by Luther, 66 f. in Denmark, 136.
opposes radicals, 82 ff., 96 ff.
attacked by Lutherans, 129, 133.
Jesuits, 405 f. censorship, 419.
Diet of (1524), 85 f. godless painters, 103, 628.
Pius V, Pope, 334 f., 338, 386 f., 417, 422.
Edict of Nantes, 229 f. and Bible, 573.
Women, position of, 361, 509 f. Worms, 284.
Your good friend GEORGE WASHINGTON.
Children, it has been said, are good haters.
What a thing it is to disobey one's parents.
Alarm to Unconverted Sinners, An, 206.
People of all Nations, 173, 174.
UNTERHALTUNGEN fuer Deutsche Kinder, 178.
Urax, or the Fair Wanderer, 74.
For the Rays to speak properly are not coloured.
| 35 to 24 | 1'1267 | 1'714 | 6570 Borax.
| 22 to 15 | 1'1511 | 1'714 | 6716 Niter.
| 32 to 21 | 1'345 | 1'9 | 7079 Dantzick Vitriol.
| 529 to 396 | 0'7845 | 1 | 7845 Gum Arabick.
Impenetrability makes them only stop.
To be sure, she was well worth looking at.
Me no Merican boy; me Johnny Bull boy.
Me no want dime; want shilling!
I say, this is a bit thick, you know.
It's more fun than a bucking bronco.
At your face when the car went by.
I am just as stubborn as he is.
He brought me to make me forget.
Scuttling you off to sea to make you forget.
Let him think you didn't care a tuppeny.
No, oh, no; I was a beastly cad to mention it.
She's a wily little scamp all right.
I've got the next with Andy Black.
When I do, she'll hit me in the head.
She won't have me; you see if she does.
A decent chap would not intrude.
Poor girl broke it off herself.
He thinks you like me too much.
And you've got fourteen days more to work on me!
You better look after yourself.
Why doesn't the girl go away, and leave me alone?
What's this she's putting on me?
It won't interest you in the slightest.
I knew that fellow wasn't any good.
Doesn't fancy your friends, the Fords.
Dare say you'd like to see me doing that.
I wouldn't have seen you beaten for the world.
Doesn't matter so long as I have you to look at.
He's just waiting to see if you renig.
Plitty young missy wanchee jade-stone.
Most unwarrantable impertinence!
I don't suppose you could stand that.
You are a perfect little wizard!
He doesn't know what he is doing or saying.
Silly of me to behave like this.
You have missed the chance of your young life.
You are a most awfully baffling girl, he said.
You need a cigar, she said soothingly.
I've had enough of him and his kind.
The Fords may be plain people, but, by Jugs!
mi deerest deer and troo luv cuppid!
down with the hammocks, down with the hammocks!
Was very rough and harsh in manner.
The ARABIAN NIGHTS ENTERTAINMENTS.
So to bed, taking one of my pills.
Were not these the two great sources of depravity?
Her strength of mind is inferior to your's.
You have other enemies beside myself to encounter.
Shame upon my cowardly and infirm heart!
Stop, stop, I say; madman as you are!
They were planning the means of my destruction.
My scruples were preposterous and criminal.
Yet, knowing these, you persisted.
Such are your groundless fears.
I will not ask your forgiveness.
I see that your terrors are invincible.
I must doom myself to endless exile.
What are the bounds of human imbecility!
His accents were broken with rage.
This scene shall not be blotted by his presence.
O most specious, and most profligate of women!
He has loaded me with all outrageous epithets.
Thy understanding must be hurt.
He appeared to be struggling with his rage.
I was couched within three feet of you.
I could not contend with your betrayer.
He may, at least, be accessible to fear.
All was lonely, darksome, and waste.
I had not been terrified by empty menaces.
Any victim but this, and thy will be done.
So saying, Wieland advanced towards me.
My dear girl, this sight is not for you.
yet here am I arraigned as criminal.
My wife was to perish by my hand!
Make me not the butcher of my wife.
For God's sake what is the matter?
you are not well: What ails you?
placable and mild--an idolator of peace!
thus to usurp the prerogatives of your Maker!
and he is condemned to perpetual imprisonment.
Heaven cannot stimulate to such unheard-of outrage.
The agent was not good, but evil.
I found myself stretched upon the bed.
You die away at the sight of me!
Had he not avowed himself a ravisher?
I think I know the extent of my offences.
It was my VOICE that you heard!
Remorseless and implacable miscreant!
I found you easily swayed by fear.
Nothing less was intended than to injure you.
* BILOQUIUM, or ventrilocution.
You know what you have written.
This is the extent of my offences.
Thy life is demanded as a sacrifice.
spare me, spare thyself: There is thy betrayer.
take away this fury from him, or turn it elsewhere!
Such was thy last deed, my brother!
These images have not, for a moment, forsaken me.
ARTHUR MEIGHEN THE PERFECT GENTLEMAN PREMIER-- RT.
SIR ROBERT BORDEN A POLITICAL SOLAR SYSTEM-- RT.
E. C. DRURY EZEKIEL AT A LEDGER-- RT.
SIR GEORGE FOSTER A HALO OF BILLIONS-- RT.
ARTHUR MEIGHEN Once only have I encountered Rt.
We all know what is happening to Russia.
THE PERFECT GENTLEMAN PREMIER RT.
Borden must, work for the night is coming.
He has never gone back on either.
You are the first Grit that ever said I had any.
There are only good Tories and bad ones.
Mr. Rowell has never been an anti-Yankee.
He knows that other men know it.
He lived on fiats and papal bulls.
Even here the old autocrat survives.
The population is overwhelmingly French.
The civic jobs are given to Frenchmen.
From every little wood belch forth men.
Only a block or two, booms the giant.
In this also he is more adept than the average man.
The Levite of Reconstruction shakes his fist.
He must know the system, its men, its technique.
The British Empire would be shaken into Soviets.
Mackenzie never made the effort.
You cannot absorb the atmosphere of such a man.
Less sectionalizing propaganda everywhere.
She revived her persecutions of the Protestants.
And therefore herewith I charge you.
They tried every possible means to win her consent.
She had him arrested and sent to prison.
The candidate was a Frenchman, and he was a papist.
She became worse after this removal.
Madmen, forbear your frantic jar!
540 And woe betide the fairy dream!
730 Back, on your lives, ye menial pack!
610 For thee shall none a requiem say?
625 Sad was thy lot on mortal stage!
The name means Isle of Nuns, or Isle of Old Women.
Believed to be a corruption of Moorish.
=the white=, i.e., the white center of the target.
Sharpe And meaner servants I never seed.
I'm disgusted with you lower servants.
Binny John Wickens, you forget yourself.
Binny John Wickens, leave the room.
[Exit John, L. 3 E.] Bud Dreadful low fellow, that.
Does she take me for an hangler?
I wonder if she takes me for an hangler?
Your affectionate brother, NED.
Dundreary, do you know what syllabubs are?
Dun That wath a joke, that wath.
Dun A whime is a widdle, you know.
Dun When it moves about, you know.
Geo [Fanning herself] Thank you, my lord.
Dun Why, that wath a joke, that wath.
Sir E Nonsense, Florence, impossible.
Sir E Florence, you are ridiculous.
[Aside.] Curse him, I wish I could!
Ver Tomahawks and scalping knives.
He will never harm you while Dundreary is about.
Why, he could get three scalps here.
Aug [Romantically.] Your American cousin.
What an all-fired chap you are.
The wed indians want to scalp me.
Aug He's not at all romantic, is he, mamma?
I reckon you know what that is.
Asa I'm as dry as a sap-tree in August.
Dun Why, does he want Mary to slap Jack?
Dun Pork's been here, but he's left.
[To Binny] Here, Puffy, just shake that up, faster.
Sir E That, sir, is your business.
Tis like the silly security of the Trenchard's.
Bin Will you take a baath before you dress?
Bin Just ring the bell, hi'll hattend you.
No use their talking Dutch to me.
Dun [Business.] Bud Your lordship!!
Dun If you don't find it, I'll discharge you.
Georgina No, thank you, my lord.
Geo Yes, my lord, you are always right.
Dun Do you know I'm getting to be very robust?
Geo I can't my lord, I'm _so_ delicate.
Geo No, my lord, I'm too delicate.
Geo No, my lord, it's too strong for me.
I am harmless except to my self.
You will then see if I speak truth or not.
Flo You here, sir, and listening.
Flo Well, cousin, what do you think of her?
Asa Ain't she a regular snorter?
Asa Wal, din't he drop like a smoked possum?
Flo There you go, more American.
Dun A cow growing out of his head?
Dun Does your brother like cheese?
Dun She's so delicate, she hasn't got a brother.
[Exit into dairy.] Geo [Jumps up.] Oh!
Dun Yes, you're very troublesome, you are.
Dun I wonder what the devil that is?
I don't mean that, he'll cure you.
Asa Wal, if you're cured I want to stay sick.
Your whiskers at this moment-- Dun My whiskers!
Asa Now, look here, you get the Lieut.
Flo I am going to crown you Capt.
Will you excuse my lighting a cigar?
Flo Then he lighted his cigar with 80,000 pounds.
Aug What would you advise, mamma?
I can't stand it, if you do, I'll bust.
Asa Don't know the manners of good society, eh?
you impudent--you unceremonious, oh!
I know it, I ain't so modest, but that I know it.
Asa [To Murcott.] Is he tight yet?
oh, you shall dearly pay for this.
Mr. Murcott, you saved me; may Heaven bless you.
[Aside to them.] Oh, you couple of fools.
Dun When I say wight I mean black.
Geo Please don't, Mr. Trenchard, I'm so delicate.
Asa Oh, you get out, I mean the old lady.
They turn and bunk foreheads.] Say, Mr. Puffy.
Binny You need not--not if you don't like unto.
Flo Why, you ungrateful fellow.
JACOB TENDING THE FLOCKS OF LABAN.
JOSEPH MAKING HIMSELF KNOWN TO HIS BRETHREN.
But in Russia everything is inverted.
The Russians know no such want.
The fact is, he is a bugbear to himself.
They are effusions of personal and political spite.
Neither would listen to reason.
cried Jem, two on em white uns!
My longevity would be the ruin of you.
They are harpies, Ramin,--harpies!
He then began to be extremely abusive.
Fight with the Winged Bull of Anu.
With men the streets are filled!
Tar-u-ma-ni iz-zu sar-ri![5] Let Elam fall!
Accadians, joyful sing For our Deliverer!
We crown Tar-u-ma-ni iz-zu sar-ri!
O daughters, mothers, sing for him we love!
[3] O Samas, I invoke thee, throned on high!
and my heart within thine, oh, bind!
va kal-bu!_[18] whence you came!
Or else in ignorance you turn away; Tis well!
a god some message to thee sends!
May Mak-hir,[15] god of dreams, my couch invest!
And may Dao-ki-na,[20] your bright mother, hear!
art great through Heaven's bound!
Her arms I felt around me,--breath too well I know!
Your Sar will satisfy his seer and guest.
Destroy Khumbaba and his towers!
I hate him now, O Sar, as I did love!
What can her presence bring to me but hate?
Doth Heaven's Queen thus come infuriate?
keeper, open wide The gates to her!
Queen Allat furious to her servant cries: Go!
with disease strike blind her eyes!
Oh, weep with me Ur-ru,[2] my precious son.
Thy Pap-su-kul with faith adores.
Thine offspring with starvation I will strike!
At last obedient doth Allat speak: Go, Namtar!
My fondest charmer, queen divine!
She lays him on that cloud with fleecy brinks!
Before your eyes our brother slain!
his blade drives through Its vitals!
His breaking heart now cries in agony, Heabani!
dread Mam-mitu hath led us here, Awake for me!
I would to gods of Erech I had died For thee!
Comfortless I lived In my dread loneliness!
Twas joy to live on earth in pain!
O Sin, bright moon-god, of yon awful deep!
Oh, hear me, all ye gods on high!
The wrathful gods deny Him entrance!
Imploring thee, doth pray thine Izdubar!
A greenish glare fills all the cave!
Kara![5] Yoked with the kine we gayly fly, Kara!
Our King from us now goes, now goes!
His royal robe behind him glows Afar!
Dark Rimmon[9] o'er a crag alone!
Her eyes, of fire and hate, turns on them now!
and rid me of thy presence fell!
that pallid face and scaly hands!
O Bel, Lord of An-nu-na-ci, O Nina, Hea's daughter!
Ye raging lightnings, oh, be calm!
The evil curse, oh, drive away!
Fly, Gal-lu-u-lim-nu,[15] afar!
Protect him, may his spirit fly!
The sis-bu[17] place around his hands!
Immortal flesh to his soul joins!
8 Day (is thy) servant, heaven (thy) canopy.
5 May thy heart rest; may thy liver be magnified.
26 Thy kingdom, O light of the gods.
In battle by weapons I smote them down.
19 May he shine like that _khisibta_!
20 May he be bright as that _sisbu_!
23 To the Sun, greatest of the gods, may he ascend!
5 Male they are not: female they are not!
6 His god in his flesh makes the wound.
34 By curses and poisons he shall not be _moved_.
38 May this man rest (and) open (his eyes).
May Tigris and (Euphrates) 16 rejoice with thee.
Many of their cities I burned with fire.
The heavy yoke of my empire I imposed on them.
I attached them to the worship of Ashur my Lord.
I took the entire country of Tsugi.
6 May the heart of my god to his place return.
7 May the heart of my goddess to his place return.
9 May god (unto his place) return.
10 May the goddess (unto her place return).
Elkhitti of the Serurians (in) his city I shut up.
Gi'ammu, their Governor, I smote.
66 20,500 of their fighting men with arrows I slew.
Cities to a countless number I captured.
To the country of Zimri 94 I went.
17 Their name in heaven (and) earth exists not.
14 Baleful (are) they, baleful (are) they.
16 Like a cruse of ...[4] purify him!
17 Like a cruse of milk, make him flow!
18 May it flow like molten bronze!
let his transgressions be blotted out!
19 Direct the breath of my mouth!
2 Lord of Hades, Lord of Tul-Sukhba!
I took with my own hand Hanun, King of Gaza.
I reduced Dur-Iakin the town of his power to ashes.
troy 68.] [Footnote 37: 152,227.
You know you've been simply crazy to get here.
I'll tell him---- Indeed, you'll do no such thing!
You don't mean I'm not to look at anyone!
You'll want me to wear a muzzle next.
I was looking for you in the modeling room.
She's monitor and I will say she enjoys the job.
I'm tired of your deceptive timidity.
she asked in smooth and oily tones.
No end younger than I am; but boys are that way.
I'll meet you at the Academy, Squibs.
You always hit the nail on the head, old lady.
I'll go look up my sister and tell her, she said.
Aren't you coming in to see Naskowski's lion-tamer?
I can't, usually, she said, gayly.
I can't stand any more palaver.
She isn't pretty, and it makes up to her for that.
I'll skirmish for laggards and report.
They're doing it brown this time!
She was a corker, I can tell you.
She was a wild one, I can tell you.
She'll say she's too green, I suppose.
Don't be stingy, Kendall Minor; tune up!
Fie, fie, my child; likewise, go to.
till they were red in the face.
You'll have the treat of your young life then!
Don't know, replied Patricia gayly.
What in the world made you so disagreeable?
I didn't know you ever got so daffy over anything.
You two geniuses understand each other, I see.
You ought to be ashamed of yourself, David Carson!
Couldn't keep you girls waiting, anyway.
He looks mild, but you want to watch him.
Shades of Hannah Ann defend us!
Pretty smelly sort of a place, isn't it?
Did you see him looking at us, Frad?
I haven't the duds to do credit to such doings.
Tell me this minute, you aggravating thing!
Good thing we're done up good and tight.
She'll exercise the black art in earnest.
She's much too sweet for my taste.
You'll need an extra nap after all these fandangos.
My word, but you're a crafty young one!
Thinking Taught While You Wait.
I know them better than you do.
She's certainly the sweetest thing.
She's a stunning worker when she goes at it.
She looks awfully well, doesn't she?
You know she'd not do a thing like that!
Any fool knows that, replied Griffin gruffly.
You'll only make her ridiculous.
She doesn't know any better yet.
We are the same as when you left, sir.
No, you don't, young un, he said decisively.
You girls get your duds on while I settle up.
What is the matter with you today, Ju?
Time for bed, mama dear, she said clearly.
My word, she wasn't shy, was she?
Poor thing, she's done it at last!
Judith Kendall, you're a little monster!
Maybe she's had it too easy, poor girl.
I'm going to take her to Rockham with me.
She's mighty inhuman under her soft outside.
That's why they're always leaving.
She'd be a regular nuisance if you encouraged her.
I have waited and I have lived.
Man must fall with woman, and rise with her.
The softening influence of woman!
These are simple biological facts.
Next she gnawed out his left eye.
Here is the reason stronger than all others.
These are used to attract the females.
Similar antics are performed by the whitethroat.
The Sai are still at least normally monogamous.
In this way women have developed on wrong lines.
Let us for this last pity women!
They must be faced and dealt with.
One of the children fortunately died.
LEFEVRE, M.: La Femme a travers l'histoire.
MODERN PART ALBERT, C.: Free Love.
MARCUSE, MAX: Unmarried Mothers.
STOCKER, HELEN: Die Liebe und die Frauen.
MAP OF THE SANDWICH ISLANDS 311 17.
MAP OF THE INDIAN OCEAN 424 24.
MAP OF CELEBES AND THE SURROUNDING ISLANDS 451 25.
_Sylvia rufa_ Greater Whitethroat.
,, pauper (Ridg.) {282} ICTERIDAE.
Saxifragaceae (trees) 2 MONOCOTYLEDONS.
Myrsinaceae 5 VASCULAR CRYPTOGAMS.
Argyroxiphium 2 With the Mexican Madieae.
Aglossa pinguinalis, _var._ STREATFIELDI.
4. ACUPALPUS DERELICTUS (Dawson).
TROGOPHLAEUS SPINICOLLIS (Rye).
*MYCETOPORUS MONTICOLA (Fowler).
,, CHAMPIONIS ( ,, ) Wicken Fen.
Has the appearance of an exotic Cis (Fowler).
*Orcheites ilicis, _var._ NIGRIPES (Fowler).
PSYLLIODES LURIDIPENNIS (Kutschera).
5. Agriolimax agrestis, _var._ NIGER.
Vitrina pellucida, _var._ DEPRESSIUSCULA.
,, lilljeborgi, _var._ BIDENTATA.
,, stagnalis, _var._ ELAGANTULA.
ESTUARINE OR MARINE PULMONOTRANCHS.
TIMELIIDAE (Babbling Thrushes).
LIST OF THE MAMMALIA OF FORMOSA.
CINCLIDAE (Dippers and Whistling Thrushes).
_Hypsipetes nigerrimus._ Allied to _H.
CAMPEPHAGIDAE (Caterpillar Shrikes).
,, aureus (Wald.) | X | | | | | | | ORIOLIDAE.
Campephaga morio | X | | | *19.
,, melanotis | -- | X | |Moluccas *20.
Lalage leucopygialis | X | | | *22.
,, dominica | X | -- | -- |Java |(Meyer)| | | 23.
Dicrurus leucops | X | | | *26.
Hylocharis sulfuriventra | X | | | *36.
,, nehrkorni (Blas.) | X | | | 61.
Munia oryzivora | X | | |Java 65.
,, molucca | X | | |Moluccas {468} 67.
,, brunneiceps | X | | |(Near _M.
Acridotheres cinereus | X | | | 71.
Corydalla gustavi | X | | | 79.
Budytes viridis | X | | |Java, Moluccas *80.
,, coeruleitorques (Salv.) | | X | *86.
Yungipicus temminckii | X | | | | | | | CUCULIDAE.
,, javanensis | X | | |Java, Borneo 94.
Cacomantes lanceolatus | X | | |Java 96.
Eudynamis melanorhyncha | X | | | *99.
Alcedo moluccensis | X | | X |Moluccas 108.
Monachalcyon princeps | X | | | *117.
Cittura cyanotis | X | | | *119.
,, megalorhynchus | X | | X |Moluccas.
Loriculus stigmatus | X | | | *137.
,, rosacea | X | | |Gilolo, Timor *155.
Macropygia albicapilla | X | X | | 161.
Chalcophaps stephani | X | | |New Guinea 167.
Gallus bankiva | X | | |Java, Timor 172.
Megacephalon malleo | X | | X | | | | | ACCIPITRES.
Butastur liventer | X | | |Java, Timor 189.
Falco severus | X | | |All Archipel.
Tetrapriocerca sp. SECURIPALPES.
Nor am I the madman you wish to make me appear.
I treated them all with the disdain they deserved.
She herself forbids me to interfere.
she might have been proud, vicious and ignorant.
here comes the audacious youth.
The day of the regeneration of Russia is at hand!
Are you ready to undergo your ordeal?
Tell me not of your plans, knave!
I loathe the very sight of that youth.
Are they not superior to your skin-covered tents?
The Count exclaimed, Inexplicable girl!
you have conquered for a time; I now obey you!
Say not a word, Kruntz, nor rouse the other knaves.
Is this all you found upon him, knave, eh?
this information is worth a princedom to me!
Now that I have you with me, loved one!
When you reach your native land, oh!
and henceforth, let me see your face no more.
While here, he would, you know, be in safety.
has any one lately left this mansion of yours?
I arrest you in the name of the Czar.
Either let me go free, or take the consequences.
I am your prisoner if you wish.
you could not do the vile deed.
She would have doubly hated you.
The women are still more wretched and squalid.
This good company is going with me, and by Allah!
Allah be praised for all his mercies!
Now tell me, what think you of my countrymen?
Tell them to come on; we fear them not.
such words I spit upon;--they are vile.
May the blessings of Allah attend you, my sons!
Now Heaven protect you, my sons!
Stay, Buda, stay; it is useless.
Saddle me a steed, knaves--haste, fly.
does she not come with my brother?
Would you have me turn traitor to my country?
Now hear me, General of the Moscov.
I cannot trust your countrymen.
Russian, speak you the words of truth?
I spit at you--I laugh at your threats.
His shallow grave was dug beneath his feet.
May curses rest on the traitor's head!
Whither go you so fast, Armenian?
Are you hastening to visit your friends the Urus?
Think you to elude our vigilance?
Why went you to the camp of our enemies?
Thus, let all spies and traitors die!
You have a hard life of it here, I suspect.
What want you with me, Armenian?
we will make his fears come true.
You must be prepared for the worst.
And now, chiefs, in the name of Allah!
The Hadji's name sounding above all.
Why are you so silent, my sister?
Does, indeed, that dreadful Khan dwell so near us?
His followers cannot compete with us.
my gallant friend, Hadji Guz Beg!

