INDIANA REMINISCENCES OF LINCOLN.
The boy's nature told him they were right.
They all remembered something of him.
He was the learned boy among us unlearned folks.
Marcus L. Ward, Governor of New Jersey.
He was here after he was elected President.
He was a dutiful son to me always.
I had a son, John, who was raised with Abe.
From a photograph loaned by W.W.
Why, I cannot now say, without it was his manners.
[Illustration: ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
From a photograph in the collection of T.H.
The cattle had been carried off by it.
Neither brute nor human life seemed to be safe.
Edited by John G. Nicolay and John Hay.
The Century Co.] [Illustration: JOHN E. ROLL.
Born in Green Village, New Jersey, June 4, 1814.
They did not regard them as permanent.
[Illustration: SANGAMON TOWN IN 1831.
The pioneers were a fortnight on their journey.
At times they would run day and night.
Edited by John G. Nicolay and John Hay.
From a photograph loaned by H.W.
The original was taken early in 1857 by Alex.
Not that he was fond of hard labor.
Pray, Governor, how tall may you be?
was Mr. Lincoln's first question.
By 1840 New Salem was almost deserted.
It stood for many years, but at last crumbled away.
Edited by John G. Nicolay and John Hay.
The river was very high, fairly booming.
Lincoln procured a rope, and tied it to a log.
Mr. Hill also owned the carding-machine.
Miller and Kelso were brothers-in law.
Henry Onstott was a cooper by trade.
Alexander Ferguson worked at odd jobs.
He had two brothers, John and Elijah.
At the village of New Salem there was a mill-dam.
[Illustration: WILLIAM G. GREENE.
New Orleans was entering then on her flush times.
Chittenden._] [Illustration: MENTOR GRAHAM.
Mentor Graham was the New Salem school-master.
The note not being paid when due, suit was brought.
Edited by John G. Nicolay and John, Hay.
Of these five men three were elected.
He was a politician of influence.
Henry Sinco was the keeper of a store at New Salem.
They say you know what love is.
There are many forms of love, smiled the king.
murmured Osra, with a little toss of her head.
Oh, that I had not been born a princess!
And will you not come with me and find her?
cried the king, with a merry look.
I have urgent business now, answered Ludwig.
Beg the princess to forgive me.
Indeed, dear friend, I am rejoiced and honored.
But this business of mine will not wait.
I am frightened, she whispered.
Should I be frightened if I loved him?
I have been told so, said the king, smiling again.
But the fear has a way of being mastered then.
And he pointed still at the house.
So I know that the prince is there.
Rising, she paced in pain about the room.
I will not wait an hour, she cried.
Then I will ride, and bring you word.
Nay; if I go alone, I will go, said she.
The king must know of it, he said.
She knew well that he was her friend.
Let me go alone, madam, he implored.
Yet I knew that he did not love me.
And Osra knew that he was the prince's chamberlain.
Neither of them spoke to him, nor he to them.
Or is she one of those that have no names?
But neither for you nor for me is the blow lawful.
But then came another low moan.
I care not, said the princess again.
And her eyes followed the prince's.
She will not live an hour, said he.
For what she has said to me I know to be true.
I remember when first I met her--ah, my sweet!
Madam, you have asked what love is.
God forbid that I should be his ruin!
Oh, what a sweet dream he painted!
whispered Osra, her face now close to the lady's.
You must live you must live and be happy.
And then she kissed the lady's lips.
I seemed to you a fool and a churl.
Madam, my struggle was fought before she died.
But now you know that my love was not yours.
Now what is the love that I cannot feel?
I cannot take it He does not so reign in my heart.
See, said she, she must be between us.
He does not think of me, she said to the bishop.
Yes, madam, I have known it, answered the bishop.
True, madam, said he, and he smiled sadly.
Could you not make me understand?
Does it come, then, to every one?
Heigho, will it ever come to me?
[Illustration: MOTHER AND CHILD.
[Illustration: MADONNA AND CHILD.
MURILLO (SPANISH: BORN 1618?; DIED 1682).
[Illustration: MOTHER AND CHILD.
[Illustration: MOTHER AND CHILD.
[Illustration: MOTHER AND CHILD.
[Illustration: MOTHER AND CHILD.
The answer is faint; but the deed is decreed.
The fog is breathing over the downs.
Others begin a good while before.
He looked very tall and imposing.
Sometimes the baby's mug sat upon the dictionary.
Sometimes the dictionary lay upon the coffin.
Not a candlestick ever walked an inch for me.
Some one came in and whispered to the teacher.
One need not possess genius to understand it now.
It was the atmosphere I breathed.
As I look back, I see it in a flash-light.
ring in my ears as they left his lips.
I do not think I vouchsafed him any answer at all.
The sum was two dollars and a half.
Besides, I have no longer any ambition.
cried Cromwell, impatiently, what have I won?
I can do a hundred parts conventionally well.
I am tired of the unreality of the life we lead.
Why not be a hero, instead of mimicking one?
Where are you to get the money?
Didn't Livingstone try that tack?
And what is to be the outcome of it all?
And are not you the only friend I have?
As I said before, replied the king, I am too old.
No, Ormond, African travel is not for me.
Oh, he answered, I was not at all noted.
I gave mine to a friend in Cape Town.
The girl had a volume in her hand.
Oh, the voyage has done you good.
Have you ever seen that portrait before?
I thought I was going to die, and told him so.
cried the girl, her face blazing with indignation.
The girl made a quick gesture of impatience.
Such things, she said, cannot be explained.
No, said Ormond, I shall not confront him.
I must think over the matter deeply for a time.
Nothing appears to be worth while now.
You will be yourself again when you reach England.
He rose somewhat unsteadily, and she took his arm.
My name is Mary Radford, she said.
They had become very great friends indeed.
Are you going back to the stage again?
I don't think so, replied Ormond.
cried the girl breathlessly, turning her head away.
Do you think I would have any chance?
inquired the girl, after a moment's silence.
I am not pretending, Mary, he said.
Perhaps that was the case at first.
I won't give her another chance.
The man was the exact duplicate of her betrothed.
Will you take a note to him if I write it?
I thought Sidney had told me everything.
That's too good news to be true.
Say it again, my girl; I can hardly believe it.
I knew nothing else would have kept him.
And what is your name, my girl?
And you're engaged to old Sid, eh?
I haven't very much either, said Mary, with a sigh.
The book and the lectures, you know.
We'll all three go to the old familiar theatre.
Then I made up my mind what to do.
But this is the last act, my dear.
THE TRUE STORY OF ANNIE LAURIE.
In either case they are mistaken.
Stephen was a Dumfries merchant.
The castle was a turreted building.
The foundations are those of the castle.
The picture shows the double windows of the tower.
In places its walls are twelve feet thick.
Its stone ceiling shows its great age.
They are half-lengths, life-size.
Mrs. B. was a somewhat famous singer of ballads.
But _they're na the words my grandfather wrote_.
Then she repeated the first stanza as she knew it.
She had signed it with her own shaky hand.
I have remembered them a my life.
My father often repeated them to me.
Maxwelton House sits high upon its braes.
Ivy clambers thriftily about it.
These marriage stones are about two feet square.
She was twenty-eight at the time of her marriage.
As a will, simply, it is of no special value.
As Annie Laurie's, it will be read with interest.
I, Anna Laurie, spouse to Alexr.
John Wilsone and John Nicholsone his servitor.
Burns tells the story of it in a note.
He had won it in a drinking bout.
It was a challenge whistle, to use a modern term.
There was a blue and dazzling sky overhead.
A white apron was tied neatly around her waist.
There was a wistful and careworn look on his face.
Why, the cranberries ain't come yet.
Then I want--here, you'd best set it down.
Her husband smiled as he finished the list.
You're a wonderful housekeeper, Emarine, he said.
I got er a black shawl down t Charman's.
He shuffled his feet about a little.
No, she replied, with cold distinctness.
The lines grew deeper between her brows.
Two red spots came into her cheeks.
He moved his feet again uneasily.
She drew back and looked at him.
Are you goin to order them things?
He put on his hat and went without a word.
Her eyelids trembled closer together.
Her eyes held a far-sighted look.
After a while she arose with an impatient sigh.
She was bristling with curiosity.
Have you hear of anybody-- No, said Emarine.
Did Orville stop by an tell you to hurry up?
They've all got the quinsy sore throat.
Ev'rybody in town says he looks _so_!
I only hope they don't know what ails him!
Sheet lightning played in her eyes.
I can't think where he's goin to!
She sat down with a sigh of defeat.
Oh, Emarine, here comes old gran'ma Eliot herself!
Grandma Eliot was one of the few people she loved.
Emarine's face softened when she kissed her.
Even Mrs. Endey's face underwent a change.
Oh, did you see the undertaker go up by here?
We can't think where he's goin to.
No, I don't; an I don't want to neither.
Mrs. Eliot laughed comfortably.
She sat down and removed her black cotton gloves.
Fixin fer Christmas dinner, Emarine dear?
Yes, ma'am, said Emarine in her very gentlest tone.
Won't you come an take dinner with us?
They most carry me on two chips.
An I never will, said Mrs. Endey, grimly.
That's jest the way Sidonie does with me.
Emarine was silent, and did not turn.
exclaimed Emarine, in a sudden flutter.
I don't see why them cranberries don't come!
I'd best make the floatin island while I wait.
Emarine turned in a startled way from the table.
She'd b'en cryin'; her eyes was all swelled up.
Then Mrs. Endey said, What she b'en cryin about?
No; I ain't had time to red up anything.
You can get out the wax cross again.
She finished dusting, and returned to the kitchen.
Emarine was at the table making tarts.
I'm goin out, she said briefly.
It lay heavy on his heart day and night.
For the trouble he blamed only himself.
Orville Palmer was the one who stood between.
It was off the main-travelled street.
You goin to have a spread, Mis Parmer?
Not much of a one, said Orville's mother.
Emarine opened the door and walked in.
I run over to ask you to come to Christmas dinner.
I was too busy all day to come sooner.
Dinner's at two, an I want you to come at eleven.
Mrs. Palmer had sat down, weakly.
Her heart was like a thistle-down.
Why, she just looked full o _glame_ to-night!
She gasped out, Why, good grieve!
Yes, I know, said Emarine, calmly.
Here's a new black shawl fer your Christmas.
See what nice long fringe it's got.
Emarine smiled at him, but it was through tears.
Well, I never see sech a pack o loonatics!
How does that preserve them through the winter?
[Illustration: SIR ROBERT BALL.
We know it spells bankruptcy and ruin.
This is indeed a great problem.
[Illustration: A TYPICAL SUN-SPOT.
Caine, which means a fighter with clubs, is Celtic.
The Ballavolley cottage was a typical Manx cottage.
[Illustration: HALL CAINE'S LIBRARY.
Wasting candles on reading, on mere reading!
Mr. Gladstone has never forgotten this incident.
[Illustration: PEEL, ISLE OF MAN, WHERE MR.
Caine went and was received most cordially.
That night he read me The King's Tragedy.
This book did nothing for him in any way.
It had a distinguished reception, he says.
He had great faith in this book.
He offered to compensate Hall Caine for his labor.
I was a degenerate, he says, a la Nordau.
So we turned our faces back and returned home.
He loves the Manx and they love him.
In this version Philip was the central figure.
The Deemster is the story of the prodigal son.
The Manxman is the story of David and Uriah.
His methods of work are particular to himself.
I visit the places I propose to describe.
I read every book I can get bearing on my subject.
It is elaborate, laborious, but very delightful.
That usually takes me up till seven.
It shows me exactly what I want to say.
You don't mind my crying now, do you?
I don't know what else I did, what else I thought.
In the field, an you a-cryin for lonesomeness?
To-morrow--to-morrow we'll bury the poor man!
When he said this it set me to cryin.
It's all dream-like, as if in a thin, grayish fog.
What would have happened to me without him?
I don't wonder at my losing my head.
Here's the place for me an Hannah.
If the grasshoppers ull let me, I stay.
Now, you must not live here alone.
I didn't forget poor Micah--how could I?
I was companionable an in sympathy with him.
I've been your friend for years.
I know you to be brave an strong.
Mrs. Pyncheon, I am a married man.
don't misjudge me, Mrs. Pyncheon.
I've made no attempt to deceive you.
I shall not forget this meetin.
Days passed, an neighbor King came not.
I wasn't surprised; I expected as much for a time.
Finally, one of the hired men said he'd gone away.
I tore off an end an pulled out the sheet.
It didn't take long to read it.
CHICAGO, _August 17, 187-._ MRS.
The letter dropped from my hand.
I sprang to my feet, too frightened to speak.
I find I'm here as soon as my letter.
Didn't you understand me when I was here last?
I thought I did, but wasn't sure.
The kiss was a sort of mystery.
Oh, from the sea, Soul of Sappho, speak to me!
THE FIRST RAILROAD IN ASIA MINOR.
That's the way the Turks tell time.
It was rare sport for the Mohammedans.
cried the guide, pushing me by them.
Then I saw that there were no fingers on her hands.
ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN, _October 24, 1895._ MR.
It is as refined in appearance as it is kindly.
Very respectfully yours, THOMAS M. COOLEY.
MCCLURE, ESQ., 30 _Lafayette Place, New York City_.
This picture was a surprise and pleasure to me.
I doubt not it is its first appearance.
I never saw him with his hair combed before.
WASHINGTON, _October 23, 1895._ S.S.
POWELL, of the United States Geological Survey.
It is assuredly a most interesting portrait.
PRINCETON, NEW JERSEY, _October 23, 1895._ MR.
It seems to me both striking and singular.
I shall treasure it as a notable picture.
Very sincerely yours, WOODROW WILSON.
Yours very truly, C. R. MILLER.
Please accept my thanks for your kindness.
BROOKLYN STANDARD-UNION, _October 23, 1895._ _S.
There is manifest, too, intellectuality.
The dress is not careless, but neat and elegant.
The elaborate tie of the cravat is most becoming.
This young man might do anything important.
Very truly yours, FRANCIS A. WALKER.
* * * * * FROM CHARLES DUDLEY WARNER.
I wish the date could be ascertained.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
The replaced older file is renamed.
Copyright, 1915, by The Red Book Corporation.
Copyright, 1914, by The Red Book Corporation.
They walked round to the front of the station.
He's just that fearless and enterprisin.
I'm sure it's very good of you.
You can get used to most anything.
I think that's a rather doubtful compliment.
Oh, well, you know what I mean.
You must have a delightful climate.
I won't say but it's pretty good medicine, at that.
Was there much sport last year?
But then it was a poor season last fall, anyway.
That's a rather large contract!
Well, I don't know, said Maxwell.
Anyway, don't mind what people say.
Thunder Cliff's the name of the place, you know.
Isn't that reason enough to go on with?
I am sure we shall be able to make both ends meet.
I wonder if I'd better tell Mrs. Burke about Betty.
What a lot of things you've got!
Yes, more than I thought I had.
He never knows where anything belongs.
What an awful lot of books you've got!
I hope you won't be disappointed.
The Venus de Milo, and the Hermes of Praxiteles.
What sort of a visitor is that?
She is what you'd call a hardy annual.
But that sign's done good service since.
Would you like to see some of it?
She must think an awful lot of you.
Hepsey gave Donald a sharp glance.
The last rector we had was awful high.
Hepsey smiled with reminiscent amusement.
Is that a symptom of ritualism?
Well, I guess I've gossiped enough for now.
I must go and make my biscuits for supper.
If I can help you any, just call out.
That sounds cheerful, but I should be glad to go.
Mrs. Burke called Maxwell's attention to it.
The place needs a lot of over-haulin.
That's your cathedral, on the corner.
You must feel lonesome in a strange place.
What was the secret of his antagonism?
Very difficult, Mr. Maxwell--very difficult.
Time has a way of remedying most things.
I am sure I may count on your assistance.
I am a firm believer in expediency.
Tact, that is the great thing in life.
No, I should imagine not, Maxwell answered.
I hope to see you at our house before long.
I am sure that you are very kind, Donald replied.
You are staying with Mrs. Burke, I understand.
she has no sense of humor--none whatever.
How many people are there in the town?
Possibly eight or nine hundred.
I see, replied Donald, non-committally.
We shall always be charmed to see you.
She came into the office while I was there.
Would you call Miss Bascom one of my lambs?
Oh, that depends on where you draw the line.
Don't you think she's handsome?
How do you calculate that relationship?
Oh, her mother's brother married my sister.
I'm not narrow-minded, and I like to be obliging.
She thought that possibly they might be noblemen.
I mean so injudicious on the subject of matrimony.
It's just naturally bound to come.
And Hepsey looked up at him significantly.
Donald asked, as if humbly seeking guidance.
I must have destroyed about a bushel, more or less.
The men up here seem to think I know mighty little.
Mrs. Burke was highly amused at my perplexity.
Now talk to her a bit, and be friendly.
This did not seem to have the desired effect.
Can't you make up your mind to be obliging?
It isn't fit for rats to live in now.
Well, Mary does the best she knows how.
Jonathan inquired, with a touch of disappointment.
Well, who has then, for land's sake!
I suppose I have, if you say so, Hepsey.
Yes sir, you've got to help me do it.
It's the worst old rat-trap I ever saw.
But it seems to me you're venturin some.
You don't _know_ they're goin to be married.
No doubt _she_ thinks she has; but it aint true.
Cause they are the trustees of the property.
Then why don't they tend to the property?
But Hepsey was beating her retreat.
[Illustration] CHAPTER VI THE MISSIONARY TEA Hm!
What sort of a missionary tea do you mean?
There goes the bell, so please excuse me.
The guests were received by Mrs. Burke.
There was a general buzz of conversation.
and she adjusted her lorgnette to inspect the heap.
They are thankful for anything.
Yes, I know, Mrs. Burke replied calmly.
The use of slang was quite beneath them.
Portions of Virginia's essay were quite moving.
Several segments of the circle giggled violently.
Mr. Maxwell laughed louder than em all.
Home-life is, to me, almost a religion.
No indeed--how can you say that!
To my life--you will understand?
It must be either liver, or conscience, or heart.
There's nothing the matter with me.
You don't care to visit in the city, then?
But a change is good for everyone.
But don't you ever visit relatives?
They were livin in an apartment, ninth floor up.
You ought to have seen my room.
I felt all the while as if I should smother.
Ever think of gettin married, Mr. Maxwell?
I'm no such thing, she retorted hotly.
But I thought that Bascom was a wealthy man.
I didn't say anything of the sort.
But you have got to jump just the same.
Anything on your mind, Virginia?
It is to be an auxiliary to the parish work.
That doesn't sound mighty enthusiastic.
They can't subscribe em if they haven't got em.
But then of course that doesn't matter much.
Well, I'll do all I can to help you, of course.
Better get down as early as possible, Virginia.
Besides, you might get yourself into trouble.
I think I might be able to hunt up a baby or two.
I'll call on them at once, if you say so.
Well, cheer up, Virginia; cheer up.
He's been howlin to beat the band.
Mrs. Warren was also persuaded.
What shall I do, what shall I do, Mrs. Burke?
Virginia screamed hysterically.
What in the world can you be thinking of?
You are always helping somebody out of a scrape.
So you are going to get married, are you?
The question is whether she'll like me.
Most certainly I shall, he laughed.
It will be in about six weeks, you know.
I really don't know much about it as yet, Sarah.
You must have discovered that before.
I am going back for my tools, Mrs. Burke.
And if you want any more, just let me know.
Maxwell laughed, while Mrs. Betty looked puzzled.
Your picture isn't half as sweet as you are.
Why, where are you going, Mrs. Burke?
It's perfectly marvelous, he exclaimed.
Who is responsible for all this, I'd like to know?
Now walk right in and make yourselves at home.
Did you ever see the like of this?
We are not given much to tea-balls in Durford.
However did the house get furnished?
You must tell us who's given what.
Mrs. Burke grinned with amusement.
If there is anything you need, just let us know.
This is quite too much, Mrs. Burke.
Miss Bascom, it is very nice to know you at last.
We have been so unlucky, have we not?
If that isn't sauce, I'm the goose.
I dare say she thought---- Thought nothin!
replied the exasperated Hepsey.
When can we start in, Mrs. Maxwell?
But not now, interposed his mother.
Wasn't it all fun--and weren't they all splendid?
Well, what's Mary been up to now?
Oh dear, Mrs. Betty sympathized.
Now, Mrs. Betty, you just look over there once.
I don't see any dirt anywheres.
That's tough luck, Mr. Jackson.
Why, you are in the prime of life.
There's no sense in your being a lonesome widower.
What will you ask me to be doin next?
Oh, I mean it, all right, persisted Mrs. Betty.
Make it cigars, Mrs. Betty; I'm not much on candy.
She thinks a great deal of you; I know she does.
They'd all be comin early to avoid the rush.
Twouldn't be the least use of proposin to her.
You are not afraid of proposing, are you?
I guess you'll have to give me lessons.
Oh, make her think you are very lonely.
Pity is akin to love, you know.
Maybe she'll marry you to save you.
It is never too late to mend, you know.
Oh, I know what would happen all right.
You'll become a public benefactor.
The result was astonishingly satisfactory.
So you were the Tattooed Man, were you!
You just get home as fast as you can.
What book are you talking about, Nickey?
He just sat and roared as if he'd split his sides.
Mrs. Burke looked a bit annoyed.
You don't suppose I did it on purpose, do you?
Good evenin', Hepsey, he began.
You mustn't rebel against rheumatiz.
Shouldn't be surprised, Jonathan.
They're awful lonesome, Hepsey.
Oh, awful lonesome, Jonathan responded.
I can't say as it kept me awake nights.
Tisn't bein alone that makes you lonesome.
Must be he lives in Martin's Junction.
Well, you know I'm right particular, Jonathan.
But he doesn't want any job on the farm, Hepsey.
Yes, I've suspected lots of things.
I've suspected him waterin the milk for some time.
But what made you think you wanted to marry?
Then I opened my eyes and read what was written.
Did that clear up all your difficulties?
What luck did you have the second time?
So it seemed to point towards matrimony again.
Of course I can't be expected to pine real hard.
No, Hepsey; to tell you the plain truth, it don't.
So you are in love are you, Jonathan.
Then let me give you some good advice.
I wouldn't be proposin to you if you were.
Jonathan, your manners need mendin a whole lot.
Can't you come down to business?
Try it, Jonathan; it's a sure anti-doubt.
But you don't really want to marry me.
I've just had to be, whether I wanted or not.
It's my misfortune, not my fault.
You've made me drop a whole row of stitches.
Say ma, urged Nickey in moving tones.
Tie it round my neck, of course!
Oh, I'll say, I'll see you later.
Say, I've had a very nice time.
Seems pretty much like the same thing to me.
Now what will you wear when we go to the rectory?
Who'll be the first to sit down to the table?
Search me--maybe I will, if there's good eats.
I never was good at lyin'; I always get caught.
Then he smiled uneasily, and fidgeted in his chair.
Don't be slangy, his mother interjected.
Dimp never did have much loose cash, anyway.
I'll lend you six to start off with.
Then we was ready for business.
Say, ma, you just wait and see.
You'd ought to ve been there, Mrs. Maxwell.
It will be all over in a minute.
Tooley was awful nervous when the basket went up.
But while they were laughin I raked in the cash.
Mrs. Burke was silent through despair.
What in the name of conscience is a jack-pot?
But he went on gamely to the end of the chapter.
Never mind, ma; I'm most through now.
His spirits sank lower and lower.
I guess I hadn't thought about it, just that way.
He felt in his pockets, and jingled the coins.
I've got it, Mrs. Maxwell, he cried.
exclaimed the delighted recruit.
We're out to welcome all comers.
I've got the books that we shall need upstairs.
Let's go up to my den and talk it all over.
But there's one thing we can do.
There's Silas Bingham--the new man.
I'm very glad you've found them so, Mrs. Sapley.
You can, if anybody can, Mrs. Sapley remarked.
Thank you for the compliment, Mrs. Sapley.
Those in favor of chicken please say aye.
Any more business to come before the meetin?
Don't forget the basket by the door.
Is business prosperin now-a-days?
You don't need to get discouraged.
Don't you worry a bit about me.
What's the difference, I'd like to know?
I saw Jane Dwire come out of here Saturday night.
Haven't seen Martin in the longest time.
he demanded when he could get his breath.
It isn't often that we get out like this together.
He then beat a hasty retreat down the street.
You can't put me out of here until I'm ready to go.
Her head was covered with a worn, soiled shawl.
Hepsey asked, turning to Bingham.
You are the very devil and all, Silas remarked.
I'm glad you called my attention to it.
I shall try to break myself of the habit at once.
Good morning, Mr. Nelson, said Maxwell.
We manage to make ourselves comfortable.
Did you wish to see me on business?
Oh yes, the lawyer replied, a mere technicality.
It concerns the use of this house.
I hope that I make myself reasonably clear.
Oh, we won't use such strong language as that.
Oh, there is no immediate hurry.
What does he want for this place?
I believe he expects fifteen dollars a month.
Well, of course that is prohibitive.
Maxwell's worried face told its own story.
She came straight to the point.
Is Bascom making you any trouble?
What has that rascal Bascom been doin?
The parish owes me two hundred and fifty dollars.
I told him that we would leave on Wednesday next.
What's got into the man, all of a sudden?
Oh, I know well enough, remarked Donald.
I'll go and visit with him a little this afternoon.
But Nelson said that he was in New York.
I know better than that, snorted Hepsey.
The very thing--let's camp out on the church lot.
exclaimed Maxwell, unclerically.
There's not a thing against it, that I can see.
Let's go and see the tent, and consult Mrs. Burke.
We want a poet here, laughed Maxwell.
Isn't it jolly, Mrs. Burke, she exclaimed.
This lot was originally purchased for a rectory.
He can appeal to the Bishop if he sees fit.
We are all common, in the right sense, Mr. Nelson.
Well, I am sure that I do not know what I can do.
We will not argue the matter again.
He tried to recall exactly what she had said.
This give-and-take business went on for some time.
Have I got to live inside of that, she snorted.
When the work was quite finished.
I hope Jonathan'll like scarlet.
It was awful good of you to paint my front porch.
Don't mention it, Hepsey, Jonathan replied affably.
Do you say you painted it blue?
She nodded, looking suspiciously at the work.
Paints don't fade by moonlight in one night.
Oh, I wouldn't do anything like that!
They said it was best quality paint!
He stood motionless for nearly a minute, paralyzed.
I'm on to the whole business now.
I guess I won't go down to Crosscut's after all.
She must have used a whole lot of dryer.
Then you wouldn't have to see it.
Oh, that isn't necessary, Hepsey.
And it might set people talkin.
You wouldn't see so much of the red paint then.
Hepsey snorted and spluttered in baffled rage.
That you'll marry me, snapped Jonathan hungrily.
She shook her head at him despondently.
Relentlessly he approached her once more.
No, dear; but why aren't you asleep?
You seem to be in fairly good physical condition.
Don't you worry one bit about me.
Right you are, Danny--four days a week, anyhow.
Don't I look like the real thing?
Be you comfortable in them clothes?
Oh no; it isn't as bad as that, Danny.
Then you think that a parson doesn't labor?
I don't seem to be worrying much about it, do I?
I never know when I am going to get mine.
Parsons don't sue: it's considered improper.
Well, well, muttered the astonished Danny.
Be you sure you can shovel stone then?
Never you mind, Danny; I can take care of myself.
Down on the state road, first turn to the left.
He was blissfully unconscious of this.
It is, to the best of my knowledge and belief.
To earn sufficient money to pay my grocer's bill.
Neither my wife nor myself is going to starve.
We have never had anyone like you.
Bascom strode along the road towards his home.
but didn't you give it to the old man.
Then Danny laughed irreverently again.
That would've been the finishin touch.
The patient closed his eyes wearily.
It is very awkward, is it not, Mrs. Burke?
I'm not sure that I catch on, Virginia.
If you have got anything to say, say it.
You ought to be good friends with your rector.
I don't see anything tragic about that.
But we were something more than friends.
I ought to know what I am talking about.
Love is vocal without words, you know.
He is not the kind of a man to be easily impressed.
Did he ever ask you to marry him?
That's certainly rather pronounced, isn't it?
Well, he certainly was, for keeps.
It is next to losing faith in--in---- The milk-man.
She buried her nose in her handkerchief.
I'll go right away, before I weaken.
However shall I make it right again?
Is your father improving satisfactorily?
I--I---- Then I wouldn't try, Miss Bascom.
Oh no; not when coal is over seven dollars a ton.
What would you advise, Mr. Maxwell?
His face hardened again, and Hepsey paused.
I'm comin to that, continued Hepsey, patiently.
The old man stirred uneasily in his chair.
This is all quite beside the mark.
Hepsey sighed, and paused for an instant.
I hope you are having a nice visit with Sally.
Had she miscalculated on the very first move?
The meeting is now open for business.
There: you don't need to think I'm havin a game.
Now let's get right down to business.
Wait till we've done our part, for that!
I won't eat soda biscuit unless I know who made em.
And we are a most unusual parish.
Now brethren, don't all speak at once.
I'm goin to start takin subscriptions.
Shall I put you down for two dollars?
Mrs. Sumner sets the ball rollin with two dollars.
Well now let's think about it a little.
No, said Hiram, meditatively; I guess ten'll do.
The Lord loveth a cheerful giver.
Everyone turned to the speaker in some surprise.
I am afraid you ought not to give so much, Amos.
Let me put you down for five, she said kindly.
We mustn't rob Peter to pay Paul.
That's what saved me and kept me straight.
Turning the rector out of house and home!
He paused and watched the effect.
This time his hearers sat absolutely motionless.
The meeting quivered with tense excitement.
I delayed, at first for good reasons.
And she sent a very friendly smile over to Bascom.
Let me just say a word or two, will you?
So a day was set some two months hence.
And now--Three cheers for the bride and groom.
See last page of Once to Every Man for this offer.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
His aspiring soul seeks a refuge in this community.
What was it that was concealed in them?
And what did they unveil to the initiate?
He was introduced to the life of the spirit.
It is merely thoughts and ideas.
At the most we see in them only images of reality.
He is not there for that purpose.
They withdraw from him when he gropes after them.
He thinks them, but does not live in them.
They leave room for something else.
He then feels himself as if suspended in the void.
This, however, is by no means a mere possibility.
Happy if a new world open up before him!
We have risen from the nether-world.
Growth and decay no longer affect it.
For others there is only misery and hardship.
And yet ought we to refuse that responsibility?
He would have uttered words and only words.
But this is what it really is to the Mystic.
It is either everything or nothing.
But this depends entirely on yourself.
It has nothing to do with physical growth.
Nature had thus fulfilled her mission.
They cannot release themselves.
Nature evolves from the imperfect to the perfect.
What they may make man is not yet there.
He was himself the product of this daimon.
The Mystic sought this--his daimon.
This completion I must take in hand myself.
This transformation was a delicate process.
The control of the outer world is absent.
The philosopher Xenophanes (B.C.
You must awaken that power in yourself.
And in nature He must be found.
There He has found an enchanted grave.
Things in nature live and He does not live.
The candidate now looks unto himself.
What depths are hidden in this image!
In that case his innocence is restored to him.
Where does the original fault lie?
God has poured Himself into the universe of things.
He meant both and neither of these things.
It is very easy to misunderstand Heraclitus.
What is man as a personal being?
In man, Nature surpasses her natural limits.
He is both dependent and independent.
The thought only paves the way for the experience.
He finds that it has qualities.
Why have I certain natural aptitudes?
Because others have already worked upon my daimon.
I am working for a future personality.
The soul has grown as well as the body.
No, even the stamp of genius must be acquired.
Compare some verses of Empedocles (B.C.
Physics also expresses colour-relations in figures.
Geometrical figures also play a similar role.
If we descend there, we shall find the Eternal.
The soul is not in the personality.
This view is of the essence of Plato's philosophy.
We hear no logical proofs of immortality.
What does he desire who aspires after wisdom?
He seeks for the spirit in the sense-world.
I mean, do sight and hearing procure man any truth?
When does the soul catch sight of truth?
For this something contains truth within it.
Therefore truth must be something eternal.
What is it after all, to cognise?
Undoubtedly we arrive at it by forming judgments.
How do I arrive at saying that?
I can only do it if I already know what a tree is.
I must remember my conception of a tree.
Memory is the medium for this knowledge.
But this does not exhaust my knowledge.
I can only find a likeness in certain respects.
The whole of mathematics consists of them.
This state of soul is called wisdom....
They all breathe the same spirit.
But death belongs to the becoming.
Therefore the soul has nothing to do with death.
They make the objections which strike them.
Is not this to be compared with an initiation?
He recognises the truths hidden in their images.
The Mystic knew what this impossibility means.
In those He is only present as nature.
It is what is divine in the world.
It must rise again from its death, from its spell.
Where can it come to life again?
Then wisdom finds its right relation to the cosmos.
An ascending process is represented imaginatively.
Plato shows that in man there is something special.
Consider this road to be philosophy ...
There are only two ways for Philo.
Here love appears as the herald of wisdom.
By love one being is attracted to another.
Out of it he engenders his son for the second time.
As it is, it develops in lovely unconsciousness.
The initiate knows that mystery.
This truth finds its symbol in the myth.
What then is to be found in the myths?
The soul has well-defined laws.
The man runs away, fearing the serpents.
He comes to a deserted village.
Having again escaped, he comes to a great flood.
This was Osiris and none other!
490-430) takes of the universe.
They are the elements in different combinations.
They bind and unbind the elements.
Let us consider the legend of Heracles.
As a Mystic, he could vanquish death.
Afterwards he slays the nine-headed Hydra.
Hence the strait is called the Hellespont.
He subdued two fire-breathing bulls.
The king pursues the fugitives.
Each of these facts requires a deep elucidation.
It is thus with the eternal in the human soul.
This aroused the wrath of Zeus against Prometheus.
She was called Pandora, the all-gifted one.
It was important for Zeus to know this secret.
Prometheus refused to say anything.
But he is not altogether a Titan.
By this means consciousness becomes immortal.
The hero makes voyages in enchanted ships.
He comes to the land of the Cyclopes.
Odysseus himself escapes by blinding the Cyclopes.
She also is subdued by Odysseus.
Then he is able to descend into the nether-world.
At first nothing good awaits him at home.
He wishes to be united with them.
A sacred road led from Athens to Eleusis.
The grief of Demeter for Persephone was limitless.
The soul originates from the immortal--Demeter.
This being wishes to give man immortality.
She hides her nursling in fire by night.
Demeter is obliged to abandon the idea.
I buried what in me keeps down that power.
I overcame death, but now I have become different.
I have nothing more to do with perishable nature.
It has in me become saturated with the Logos.
Thus this was an experience of the highest kind.
So far initiation was a miracle.
And so an initiate's life is a typical one.
Similarly we read in Matthew ii.
The tempter has to own that his reign is over.
Then the devil leaveth him (Matthew iv.
His body began to be luminous from within.
He becomes the light of the world.
He proved to them that the world is divine.
Thus do we read in the first Epistle of St. John.
But naturally there were differences.
In St. John's Gospel there is no real parable.
Thus Mystery wisdom existed everywhere.
Oh, that thou hadst kept silence!
Wilt thou descend into the depths?
I will let all people participate in it.
The time will come when you will find it.
Another thing has to be taken into consideration.
It is related that they sought to kill Lazarus.
for this man doeth many miracles (John xi.
To show this, we need only mention one point.
He is the Eternal that existed in the beginning.
The spirit has been born within him.
What then took place in Lazarus?
The spirit came to life within him.
He became a partaker of the life which is eternal.
The Eternal Word entered into Lazarus.
Man has gained confidence in the new life.
Lazarus was ripe for undergoing this experience.
And when Jesus came, the three days had elapsed.
He had learned how resurrection is attained.
On this account, St. John's Gospel is a Mystery.
What is here revealed is sent in signs.
Only such can be the highest love.
They are all more or less imperfect.
This sword is also found in the Mysteries.
St. John also goes through this experience.
It is to be a test of his strength (_cf._ p. 18).
And when I saw him, I fell at his feet as dead.
The initiate enters upon a new life.
There is only one worthy to open the book.
Jesus, the Lion, has power to open the seals.
Strife is allayed by the new faith.
The meaning of the four beasts thus becomes plain.
The opening of the seventh seal follows.
It was to belong to the whole of humanity.
Whether he draws near or not depends on himself.
Man must pass through that lower knowledge.
In the Apocalypse it appears as the old serpent.
As each grows up to it so does he become a Mystic.
The whole world is a Mystery-temple.
The eternal, immortal part had been taken from it.
Only the personality, as such, was left.
A direct relation with Him must be established.
They knew the nature of the Mysteries.
The idea of a heretic took firmer and firmer shape.
He must be awakened in the soul.
Some settled it in one way, some in another.
Sense-perception troubles man's spiritual vision.
He must reach out beyond the senses.
He may be present in man in various degrees.
A conflict in this case was inevitable.
They have merely to do with what is perishable.
The Bible relates the creation of the world.
Man must experience it inwardly.
With Philo it is all an inward process.
He shares this conviction with the Neo-Platonists.
The soul of the world is the Logos.
We find the cross first in the ancient cosmogonies.
By its doubt it confirms its own existence.
Spiritual sight belongs only to the investigator.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
Burnsville was seven miles from Iuka.
We had to fight first and think afterward.
We didn't have time to change it.
The cavalry had long ago been driven in.
But there was no pause to reconnoiter.
To my great joy I found all uninjured.
Just in front of us the road turned to the right.
The Fifth Iowa took position just at our right.
We opened fire at first with shell.
A division of Price's army rushed to the charge.
On the right the Fifth Iowa was cut to pieces.
Only eleven officers and a handful of men remained.
Eight thousand men against two score.
But this success was short lived.
Forty-six out of a total of fifty-four.
In one mass lay eighteen dead horses.
My own horse received seven wounds.
A description of our six guns may be of interest.
But there was no way to avoid that risk.
Nothing unusual happened during the day's march.
His rank was that of Second Lieutenant.
The Lieutenant was, notwithstanding full of pluck.
There was a promise to comply with his request.
if you think you can play Iuka over again.
But they could not come on here.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
Urquhart's translation of Book III.
Motteux's rendering of Books IV.
Not one of them is like another.
There has been no tampering with them, no forgery.
The date of Rabelais birth is very doubtful.
Rabelais had brothers, all older than himself.
Rabelais especially is incomprehensible.
His book is an enigma,--one may say inexplicable.
Was it not the Ancients that began it?
Is Italy without fault in this respect?
But we need not go beyond France.
Where does he tempt one to stray from duty?
Instead of a creator, he is but an imitator.
A Gascon could not have surpassed this.
The first two books appeared in 1653.
It is precise, elegant, and very faithful.
Nevertheless, it is much superior to Motteux's.
Never elsewhere did he write so well.
Holland, too, possesses a translation of Rabelais.
Rabelais style has many different sources.
To which dialect was he indebted?
It would also be possible to reverse the method.
Nothing of the kind is seen here.
That there is something in the theory is possible.
He fixed them finally by writing them down.
He has not cheveux de plastre in Rabelais.
Is it by Rabelais or by someone else?
Still there are points common to the two.
But his burlesque poem was published in 1517.
The subject is quite different.
But other Italian sources are absolutely certain.
Here are the first lines of it: Apre, apre, apre.
He made a wonderful thing of it.
Rabelais wrote a version of one, the ninth.
The Counts of Anjou were not saints.
Is the hand of the master visible throughout?
He must have planned it and begun it.
What is really the origin of it?
It was necessary to do it so as to clear the way.
Adapters are always strangely vain.
Jean Fuet reprinted him at Antwerp in 1602.
Le Duchat's is the first of the critical editions.
He is no more Panurge than Louis XII.
is Gargantua or Francis I. Pantagruel.
To the Honoured, Noble Translator of Rabelais.
Jam prima Oceani pars est praeterita nostri.
Imparibus restat danda secunda modis.
Just such another thing was Socrates.
2, de Republica, the most philosophical?
What moveth him to take all these pains?
What are the hopes of his labour?
What doth he expect to reap thereby?
Of the Genealogy and Antiquity of Gargantua.
Why am not I, said Minos, there invited?
The thus farewell Apollo and the Muses.
For, as Aulus Gellius saith, lib.
5. Plautus, in his Cistelleria.
Draw, reach, fill, mix, give it me without water.
A cessation and truce with thirst.
Ha, thou false fever, wilt thou not be gone?
Which was first, thirst or drinking?
What, it seems I do not drink but by an attorney?
Drink always and you shall never die.
This hand of yours spoils your nose.
It is enough to break both girds and petrel.
Bravely and well played upon the words!
Our fathers drank lustily, and emptied their cans.
It is the compulsory of drinkers: it is a pulley.
Page, sue out my appeal in form.
But this shall banish it utterly.
O lachryma Christi, it is of the best grape!
Would you say that a fly could drink in this?
This is after the fashion of Switzerland.
It is a decoction of nectar and ambrosia.
How Gargantua was born in a strange manner.
The colours and liveries of Gargantua.
Is not the night mournful, sad, and melancholic?
It is black and dark by the privation of light.
Doth not the light comfort all the world?
And as Avicen speaketh, in 2 canon et lib.
Of the youthful age of Gargantua.
What, quoth a third, shall I have no share in it?
Ha, to cut it, said the other, would hurt him.
But I will question with him further.
To the stable, said he, of my great horses.
Well, well, said the harbinger.
I had rather drink, said the harbinger.
I will tell you by-and-by, said Gargantua.
All this did very great good to my leg.
Yes, yes, answered Grangousier.
Then, said Gargantua, A Roundelay.
Let us return to our purpose, said Grangousier.
What, said Gargantua, to skite?
How Gargantua was taught Latin by a Sophister.
How Gargantua was put under other schoolmasters.
He is not as yet full twelve years old.
He will in times coming be a great scholar.
Carimari, carimara: golynoly, golynolo.
Hem, hem, gud-day, sirs, gud-day.
Well, de parte Dei date nobis bellas nostras.
Per diem vos habebitis, et nihil payabitis.
For I prove unto you, that you should give me them.
This is spoken to some purpose.
It is in tertio primae, in Darii, or elsewhere.
Verum enim vero, quandoquidem, dubio procul.
And no more saith the deponent.
Confuse, said Bandouille, et distributive.
have not I sufficiently well exercised myself?
I am very well after it, and dine but the better.
There he heard six-and-twenty or thirty masses.
At three dice or maniest bleaks.
At post and pair, or even and At the faily.
At the long tables or ferkeering.
At puff, or let him speak that At mark-knife.
At the flowered or Shrovetide ox.
At boke or him, or flaying the fox.
At trill madam, or grapple my lady.
At St. Cosme, I come to adore At the quoits.
At fair and softly passeth Lent.
At stook and rook, shear and At the dead beast.
At bobbing, or flirt on the At Joan Thomson.
In the mean time they brought him fresh wine.
There he drank better than ever.
A carpenter can do even as much.
All this he did in complete arms from head to foot.
They set up a great pole fixed upon two trees.
How Gargantua spent his time in rainy weather.
Whence comes this to pass, my masters?
Some cried unto Sanct Barbe, others to St. George.
Can you tell with what instruments they did it?
said Grangousier, what is this, good people?
Do I dream, or is it true that they tell me?
Who hath given him this counsel?
Salute from me Ponocrates, Gymnastes, and Eudemon.
How Ulric Gallet was sent unto Picrochole.
Then the ambassador began to speak as followeth.
The speech made by Gallet to Picrochole.
One thing I will advise you, said Touquedillon.
Came we hither to eat or to fight?
Gramercy, said they, we do but our duty.
No, no, said they, that shall be at our return.
Can you tell what Octavian Augustus said?
There is no need, said they, at this time.
We have already, said they, given order for that.
Did not they furnish you sufficiently with wine?
Yes, but, said he, we did not drink it fresh.
We shall meet with them by-and-by.
What a devil should we do else?
Reason, said he, will have it so, that is but just.
What do you pretend by these large conquests?
Enough, said Picrochole, go forward.
What course shall we then take?
Now, said he, my case goes backward.
I did not mean that thou shouldst reside there.
How Gargantua did eat up six pilgrims in a salad.
said Gymnast, a fig for your chapter!
This frock breaks both your shoulders, put it off.
And, which is worse, I shall lose my appetite.
Our prior loves exceedingly the white of a capon.
Primo, because the water runs all along by it.
Diavolo, is there no more must?
Do you know Friar Claude of the high kilderkins?
For my part, I study not at all.
You never saw so many hares as there are this year.
How now, said Ponocrates, you swear, Friar John.
They are colours of a Ciceronian rhetoric.
Nothing less, answered Gargantua.
Item, bring me rather some toasts.
What, said Gargantua, to drink so soon after sleep?
What drawer or tiring do you mean?
Be quiet, said Gymnast, and stir not, my minion.
What a devil, said the monk, shall we do else?
With this he cried out, Charge, devils, charge!
Yea, but, said Gymnast, they have the monk.
Yea, marry, said the monk, now you have hit it.
Have you put him to any ransom?
No, said the monk, of that I take no care.
How much would you have for having taken him?
Then are they more fierce than devils.
Gargantua's speech to the vanquished.
But to the purpose, said the monk.
Yea, said the monk, and to make shirts and smocks.
The inscription set upon the great gate of Theleme.
What manner of dwelling the Thelemites had.
The men were apparelled after their fashion.
It is the style of the prophet Merlin.
The globe terrestrial is the tennis-ball.
Have you understood all this well?
Many did throw themselves into the wells.
All the country was idle, and could do no virtue.
Let us drink, ho, and put away melancholy!
What though she be dead, must not we also die?
The hole is to be seen there yet.
said Pantagruel to one of his men.
It is, answered he, from Paris.
To which Pantagruel said, Is it true?
By G--, said Pantagruel, I will teach you to speak.
But first come hither, and tell me whence thou art.
I understand thee very well, said Pantagruel.
haw, Laord, my halp, and St. Marshaw!
Then, said Pantagruel, St. Alipantin, what civet?
This done, he came to Paris with his retinue.
The Gamashes, alias the Boots of Patience.
The Cosened or Gulled in Court.
The Cruizy or Crucible of Contemplation.
Ruboffatorium (Decrotatorium) scholarium.
Bricot de Differentiis Browsarum.
The Cavilling Entanglements of Confessors.
The Spectacles of Pilgrims bound for Rome.
The Furred Cat of the Solicitors and Attorneys.
Stratagemata Francharchiaeri de Baniolet.
Carlbumpkinus de Re Militari cum Figuris Tevoti.
The Sauciness of Country-Stewards.
The Covillage or Wench-tribute of Promoters.
The Bridle-champer of the Advocates.
The Rasping and Hard-scraping of the Cardinals.
Ejusdem de castramentandis criminibus libri tres.
The Cowl or Capouch of the Monks.
The Mumbling Devotion of the Celestine Friars.
The Passage-toll of Beggarliness.
The Teeth-chatter or Gum-didder of Lubberly Lusks.
The Paring-shovel of the Theologues.
The Drench-horn of the Masters of Arts.
The Scullions of Olcam, the uninitiated Clerk.
Arsiversitatorium confratriarum, incerto authore.
R. Lullius de Batisfolagiis Principum.
Manera sweepandi fornacellos per Mag. Eccium.
The Shable or Scimetar of Merchants.
The Pleasures of the Monachal Life.
The Periwinkle of Ballad-makers.
The Push-forward of the Alchemists.
The Crickets and Hawk's-bells of Devotion.
The Mortar of the Politic Life.
The Riding-hood or Monterg of the Penitentiaries.
The Trictrac of the Knocking Friars.
Lyrippii Sorbonici Moralisationes, per M. Lupoldum.
The Carrier-horse-bells of Travellers.
The Bibbings of the tippling Bishops.
The Clouted Patches of a Stout Heart.
Gerson, de auferibilitate Papae ab Ecclesia.
The Morris-dance of the Heretics.
The Nightmare of the five Orders of Beggars.
The Raver and idle Talker in cases of Conscience.
The Baffling Flouter of the Abbots.
The Chimney-sweeper of Astrology.
Justinianus de Whiteleperotis tollendis.
The Practice of Iniquity, by Cleuraunes Sadden.
The Engrained Rogue, by Dwarsencas Eldenu.
As for astronomy, study all the rules thereof.
Let nothing of all these be hidden from thee.
Suspect the abuses of the world.
From Utopia the 17th day of the month of March.
said Pantagruel to the company.
Are you there, said Eudemon, Genicoa?
To which answered Pantagruel, As much of that.
hast thou dwelt any while in Greece?
For God's sake, give order for it.
See, therefore, what I have thought upon.
Which of you, said Pantagruel, is the plaintiff?
Then began Kissbreech in manner as followeth.
Well, God keep Theobald Mitain from all danger!
Then said Pantagruel, Hold there!
Peace, in the devil's name, peace.
Tunc, my lords, quid juris pro minoribus?
But I cannot tell what a devil this means.
Which came to pass, and that very strangely.
But where is the last year's snow?
Wert thou not cured of thy rheums?
Lo here, said he, the walls of the city!
What devil were able to overthrow such walls?
Beware, in the name of the devils, and hold off.
I see but one inconveniency in it.
said Pantagruel, and what is that?
Of the qualities and conditions of Panurge.
Nay, St. Anthony's fire kiss it for us!
You have a flux in your purse; but take no care.
But will you go with me to gain the pardons?
And what a devil is become of them?
And what lawsuits couldst thou have?
said I; thou hast neither house nor lands.
Now which is most honourable, the air or the earth?
And if Mercury,--said the Englishman.
Then made the Englishman this sign.
Ha, I understand, said Thaumast, but what?
How Panurge was in love with a lady of Paris.
Whom do you think you have in hand?
I do not care; let me alone to say my prayers.
Take them, said she, and trouble me no longer.
I shall never recover my paternosters again.
He will no doubt be angry with me.
No, no, all this is too little.
Will you have chains, gold, tablets, rings?
Away, hence, avant, avant, with a devil avant!
Yet not so much as those of Basacle at Toulouse.
To which Pantagruel willingly adhered.
And the messenger answered him, No, sir.
Let us, therefore, look upon it.
Are you resolved to live and die with me?
This salt meat makes me horribly dry.
That is well remembered, said Pantagruel.
Yea but, said Pantagruel, is the king there?
Come, brave boys, are you resolved to go with me?
But I am somewhat troubled about one thing.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, said Pantagruel.
Baste, said Epistemon, enough of that!
Then said Pantagruel, Come, my lads, let us begone!
And for our part we will not fail you.
Whilst they spake those words, behold!
It is my will that you let me fight single.
thou seest the distress wherein I am at this time.
at which noise all the giants arose to succour him.
Then Eusthenes cried out, Ah, cruel death!
hast thou taken from me the perfectest amongst men?
Romulus, a salter and patcher of pattens.
Epaminondas, a maker of mirrors or looking-glasses.
Brutus and Cassius, surveyors or measurers of land.
Achilles was a scaldpated maker of hay-bundles.
Nestor, a door-keeper or forester.
Darius, a gold-finder or jakes-farmer.
Hannibal, a kettlemaker and seller of eggshells.
Priamus, a seller of old clouts.
Lancelot of the Lake was a flayer of dead horses.
Lucullus, a maker of rattles and hawks'-bells.
Godfrey de Bouillon, a hood-maker.
Don Pietro de Castille, a carrier of indulgences.
Huon of Bordeaux, a hooper of barrels.
Octavian, a scraper of parchment.
Pope Nicholas the Third, a maker of paper.
What, said Pantagruel, have they the pox there too?
Ogier the Dane was a furbisher of armour.
The King Tigranes, a mender of thatched houses.
Galien Restored, a taker of moldwarps.
The four sons of Aymon were all toothdrawers.
Melusina was a kitchen drudge-wench.
Helen, a broker for chambermaids.
Lucretia was an alehouse-keeper.
Lay them down here, you rascal, and go fetch more.
Which accordingly was forthwith performed.
Do with him what thou wilt, I give him to thee.
I intend to make him an honest man.
Thus was Anarchus made a good crier of green sauce.
said I, is there here a new world?
To be brief, I resolved to go thither.
Sir, said he, they come from the other world.
And how long hast thou been there?
That is about six months ago, said he.
thou art a merry fellow, said he.
At Bourbonansie, and elsewhere in Italy.
At St. Bartholomew, in the county of Boulogne.
At the Porrette, and a thousand other places.
Here will I make an end of the first book.
Drink then,--so, to the purpose.
Up, my lads, to this wine, spare it not!
Drink, boys, and trowl it off at full bowls!
If you do not think it good, let it alone.
It is a true cornucopia of merriment and raillery.
It is by me that they must be advised.
Is this small saving or frugality?
How Panurge praiseth the debtors and borrowers.
You ask me when I will be out of debt.
He lent no money, there is nothing due to him.
What sympathy will there be amongst the elements!
I lose myself in this high contemplation.
By the law, answered Pantagruel, of Moses.
Why, replied Panurge, the lately married?
Let armour cease, and the long robe bear sway!
Quoth Pantagruel, Then do not marry.
You know it is written, Vae soli!
Then marry, in the name of God, quoth Pantagruel.
Marry then, in God's name, quoth Pantagruel.
Do not marry then, answered Pantagruel.
Do not marry then, quoth Pantagruel.
Nevertheless, if it please you, this you may do.
Know, Roman, that thy business is to reign.
Nosco crines incanaque menta Regis Romani.
And in effect he did not reign above two years.
No bounds are to be set, no limits here.
Have you any dice in your pocket?
A whole bagful, answered Panurge.
These are, quoth Panurge, sixteen in all.
Let us take the sixteenth line of the page.
And must my words be thus interpreted?
Consider his exploits and gallant actions.
I do not ask this without cause.
The condition, quoth Panurge, is very hard.
Panurge's dream, with the interpretation thereof.
Come, Carpalin, let us to breakfast.
O the brave horns that will be borne by thee!
Thus shall I have my touch-her-home still ready.
What is it makes the wolves to leave the woods?
Is it not the want of flesh meat?
Let our discourse come nearer to the purpose.
The hunger-starved belly wanteth ears.
Thou knowest it well, Friar John.
How Panurge spoke to the Sibyl of Panzoust.
Their voyage was three days journeying.
My ears through horror glow; ah!
Now let us fly, and betake us to our heels.
I will not marry; no, believe me, I will not.
Take heed, and give attentive ear unto my words.
Now to the meaning of the second article!
Copsody, that I do believe indeed!
It will be of a pretty little infant.
O how heartily I shall love it!
His wife was big of child with him.
To hear stuff of that nature rends mine ears.
You interpret this to beating strokes and blows.
Nay, truly will I not, my noble king.
Such was the opinion of Heraclitus.
But let it pass; I will not insist on it.
then should all of us have run to thy succour.
How Goatsnose by signs maketh answer to Panurge.
Take good heed to what I am to say unto you.
Wilt thou come along with us, Friar John?
Let us see, nevertheless, what he hath written.
He is a witty, quick, and subtle sophister.
The devil take me, if I go thither!
O the terrible coil that they keep!
for my part, I will not go thither.
The devil take me, if I go thither.
If thou be, at my request do these three things.
Why didst thou not leave thy purse with the miller?
Carry no manner of cross upon thee.
What maketh all this for our present purpose?
For my part, I vow I will not go thither.
How Panurge consulteth with Epistemon.
There is yet another not much better.
But, saith Panurge, let us do better.
I will not go, not I; I will not go.
How Panurge consulteth with Herr Trippa.
O the gallantest and most excellent of all secrets!
By onymancy; for that we have oil and wax.
By sicomancy; O divine art in fig-tree leaves!
Or yet by the mystery of necromancy?
Let us return towards our king.
What the devil else shouldst thou do but marry?
Crescat; Nos qui vivimus, multiplicemur.
Didst thou ever see the monk of Castre's cowl?
I see thee waxing a little hoar-headed already.
Dost thou not see the Abbey of Theleme?
But what then, my gentle companion?
This is, in truth, the long and short on't.
Thou shalt be more at ease than ever.
Is not this an infallible and sovereign antidote?
You speak like a courtier, quoth Pantagruel.
In good faith, not, quoth Panurge.
Shall I be a cuckold, father, yea or no?
How the physician Rondibilis counselleth Panurge.
In like manner, I say, To the rest.
Cuckoldry naturally attendeth marriage.
It is not unknown to me how Cl.
I think I speak Latin before clerks.
Rondibilis the physician's cure of cuckoldry.
Now I have said, and you have heard my cure.
Welcome, in good faith, my dear master, welcome!
Let us come to where we left off, quoth Panurge.
You have there hit the nail on the head.
Sir, I will heartily excuse your absence.
Ex aliis paleas, ex istis collige grana.
I shall be always, sir, at your command.
Provided that I pay you well, quoth Panurge.
That, quoth Rondibilis, is understood.
That which you have heard, answered Trouillogan.
That which I have said, replied Trouillogan.
But howsoever tell me, Should I marry or no?
Now let me know what talk you were about.
at first he made this answer, Both together.
There is some likelihood therein.
I see in that no inconvenience.
None, truly, if my eyes deceive me not.
Yea, but I find more than five hundred.
Shall I thrive or speed well withal?
I heartily beseech you, what must I do?
Do not invocate the name of anything, I pray you.
What is it that you advise and counsel me to do?
If I never marry, I shall never be a cuckold.
But put the case that I be married.
A little patience nevertheless is requisite.
Well then, if I marry, I shall be a cuckold.
This is the only point I would be resolved in.
Why do you then doubt of that which you know not?
Are you married, or are you not?
Neither the one nor the other, and both together.
I shall be no hinderer thereof.
Our faithful friend, speak; are you married?
You were also married before you had this wife?
Had you good luck in your first marriage?
How thrive you with this second wife of yours?
Tell me--do you prosper well with her?
No, if it was not predestinated.
One, two, three; where is the fourth?
I will therefore lay hold thereon, and embrace it.
mod. l. Divus Adrianus, resolved by Lud.
The same hath more clearly been declared by Bald.
But how is it that you do these things?
And it is mentioned, l. favorabiliores.
And the law ver(s)ified versifieth that, Eod.
in 6. Qui prior est tempore potior est jure.
c. ad audientiam, et de celebrat.
Interpone tuis interdum gaudia curis.
Portatur leviter quod portat quisque libenter.
For as it is written, in authent.
princip., so is the same repeated in gloss.
et de verbis obligatoriis l.continuus.
Et sequitur leviter filia matris iter.
Excipio filios a Moniali susceptos ex Monacho.
This was my luck, my profit, and good fortune.
Remark well what I am to say unto thee.
Odero, si potero; si non, invitus amabo.
2, and before him, Baldus, in c. ult. extra.
3. The manner is such as is set down in gl.
Debile principium melior fortuna sequetur.
Qualis vestis erit, talia corda gerit.
For beatius est dare quam accipere.
Accipe, sume, cape, sunt verba placentia Papae.
Et si non prosunt singula, multa juvant.
Quandoque bonus dormitat Homerus.
There, gossip, comes the golden word of John Andr.
With this Bridlegoose held his peace.
Thus was the state of the question.
How Panurge taketh advice of Triboulet.
He did it not out of any evil intent.
He thought, belike, to have hit some of the pages.
As for myself, I heartily pardon him.
How interpret you that passage?
Let us go thither, I beseech you.
quoth Panurge, interrupting him.
First, let us send back Triboulet to Blois.
I shall, answered Panurge, speak for you all.
Isquebsz prusq: albok crinqs zacbac.
For my part, I have not yet thought upon it.
Its height is commonly of five or six foot.
It is also termed Pantagruelion by a similitude.
Whereof could the chassis or paper-windows be made?
Or, to state the question otherwise.
I in that point desire to be excused.
It is in Greek and Latin called Larix.
THE FOURTH BOOK The Translator's Preface.
I of Rabelais, ed. 1694.) to the first part.
The Author's Epistle Dedicatory.
Paris, this 28th of January, MDLII.
Would you know why I'm thus, good people?
2. De Differentiis Pulsuum, cap.
De Rerum Affectibus (if it be Galen's).
I troth, my friends, I question it very much.
I mean the Phrygian and Trojan, as Max.
It happened that he lost his hatchet.
The one knows something; the other's no dunce.
Now who should happen to meet but these two?
Never spare liquor to such as are at hot work.
Now let us despatch this bawling fellow below.
tis to wedge thee home, quoth he.
Had he eaten sour plums unpeeled?
Were his teeth on edge, I pray you?
What did they get by't, in your opinion?
The ninth, a cup of fine Obriz gold.
The eleventh, a golden vine-tub of mosaic work.
At Marseilles tis called lendole.
He will also give thee at large the news at court.
Dated at our paternal seat, this 13th day of June.
Thy father and friend, Gargantua.
When shall the worshipful esquire drink?
From Medamothy, this 15th of June.
The other pledged him briskly and courteously.
Would you put tricks upon travellers?
What do you mean, master of mine?
On which side you please; I hear you.
Your name is, as I take it, Robin Mutton?
As you please for that, sweet sir.
Ay, marry has he, a very fine and harmonious voice.
I beg it of you; good your worship, be so kind.
The truth is, they cost me money, that they do.
Patience, said Panurge; but let us despatch.
I hate a gibble-gabble and a rimble-ramble talk.
This was an old coaster's trick.
What think'st of it, Friar John, hah?
Come now, let's be gone; the wind is fair.
It was called the Island of Alliances.
She answered him, At your service, dear helve.
I will not fail, said she, scourer.
Do you reckon these two to be akin?
Everything goes about by dozens.
He is one of the best friends I have.
Matter of breviary, my masters.
There are fine houses, indeed and that's all.
But the cage does not feed the birds.
The way is this, said the interpreter.
Ay, but how shall we know the catchpole?
All sorts of people daily resort to this castle.
I have taken care of that, replied the lord.
Friar Stephen, don't we play the devils rarely?
From this day I double your wages.
Come on, box it about; it is good and cool.
You, footman, take this large salt.
The catchpole gave the levite several blows.
In the meantime all were withdrawn for the farce.
So Trudon gave the alarm with his tabor.
There are no true friends nowadays.
He had something in him of Friar Thumpwell.
One of the bums had lost his tongue.
will you take my bargain over my head?
How Pantagruel met with a great storm at sea.
O twice and thrice happy those that plant cabbages!
Your lantern is fallen, my lads.
do not let go the main-tack nor the bowline.
I hear the block crack; is it broke?
My heart's sunk down below my midriff.
Bou, bou, bou, ou, ou, ou, bou, bou, bous.
Epistemon, Ponocrates, and the rest did as much.
Above the pitch, out of tune, and off the hinges.
Holos, bolos, holas, holas, alas!
Friar John, my father, my friend, confession.
a word or two of testament or codicil at least.
said Panurge; was it here we were born to perish?
I am sped--Magna, gna, gna, said Friar John.
Zoons, here fasten it to one of these blocks.
Hear, sailor; ho, honest fellow.
Thus, thus, my friend, hold fast above.
Wouldn't this secure us from this storm?
Lend's a hand here, hoh, tiger, wouldst thou?
Epistemon, prithee stand off out of the hatchway.
Methinks I saw the thunder fall there but just now.
Con the ship, so ho--Mind your steerage.
Ods-fish, the beak-head is staved to pieces.
If this be weather, the devil's a ram.
Honest man, could not you throw me ashore?
you can do a world of good things, they say.
Let us know how many fathom water we are in.
Sound, friend, in the Lord Harry's name.
Helm a-lee, hoh, cried the pilot.
Stand off from the leech of the sail.
said Pantagruel; our good Saviour then help us.
Oh, what a good friend I lose in him.
this is another gats-bout than last year's.
We are falling out of Scylla into Charybdis.
What will it signify to make your will now?
for either we shall come off or drown for it.
If we are drowned, will it not be drowned too?
Prithee, who will transmit it to the executors?
Codsooks, our ship is almost overset.
Ods-death, how shall we clear her?
it is well if she do not founder.
What a devilish sea there runs!
This he said, opening his breviary.
Horrida tempestas montem turbavit acutum.
Land to, my friends, I see land!
Pluck up a good spirit, boys, tis within a kenning.
Mind your steerage; bring your main-tack aboard.
Clear your sheets; clear your bowlines; port, port.
Come, come, come, children, be nimble.
That's well said and thought on.
Methinks the storm is almost over.
Eusthenes, thou art a notable fellow.
Well said, i faith; thus, thus.
We are clear of them, said the sailors.
there is the soul of music in it.
Take heed you pilot her in right.
but in truth here is a ship sadly out of order.
Take heed we do not run aground and bulge her.
all is well, the storm is over.
No, no, I have not a bit of fear.
Down with your sails; well said.
Shall I come and help you again?
Is this one of the nine comforts of matrimony?
As for heart, I have more than enough on't.
By the pavilion of Mars, I fear nothing but danger.
said Friar John; how can I help it?
I was not in the country when they christened it.
This detestable saying, of which Cicero, lib.
Now pray give me leave to ask you a civil question.
With whom concurs Martianus Capella.
No, I'm not yet so mad as that comes to.
between the anvil and the hammers?
godzooks, let us make the best of our way.
The funnel, like a mason's chisel.
The arteries, like a watch-coat.
The gall, like a cooper's adze.
belly, like a high-crowned hat.
The muscles, like a pair of bellows.
His memory he had like a scarf.
His ribs, like a spinning-wheel.
His shoulder-blades, like a mortar.
His shoulders, like a hand-barrow.
His eyebrows, like a dripping-pan.
His forehead, like a false cup.
His hair, like a scrubbing-brush.
A continuation of Shrovetide's countenance.
He is my man; this is the very fellow I looked for.
Pantagruel showed it to the pilot and to Xenomanes.
Poor Panurge began to cry and howl worse than ever.
This is a worse business than that t'other day.
How the monstrous physeter was slain by Pantagruel.
Friar John did not spare himself in it.
Panurge was half dead for fear.
That's impossible at this time, answered Xenomanes.
So the treaty broke off, and nothing was done.
Having said this, he wheeled off.
See the Cratylus of the divine Plato.
What is the matter, said he, my chicken?
Why is my Trasia thus sad and melancholy?
Believe it if you will; if you won't, let it alone.
For my part, I very well know what I say.
Matter of breviary, replied Friar John.
I hear you, replied Pantagruel.
Gaillard (by syncope) born near Rambouillet.
Names unknown among the Marranes and Jews.
How Pantagruel broke the Chitterlings at the knees.
Then began the martial fray, higgledy-piggledy.
Oh, what a woeful sight it was!
How Pantagruel went into the island of Ruach.
They have no other houses but weathercocks.
How small rain lays a high wind.
True, sir, returned the mayor; but, alas!
Thus many a meal's lost for want of meat.
And have you no remedy for this?
When dost thou reckon to reap, hah?
About the middle of July, quoth the farmer.
Thou and I must share the concern.
But who can endure to be wedded to a dish?
How, cried the devil, what is it?
I'll tickle him off for you by-and-by.
slife, catch me here when he comes!
We mean, said they, he that is.
O thrice and four times happy people!
However, we civilly desired to be excused.
Well, tis a happy thing to meet with good men!
We looked on it and admired it.
Little enough, of conscience, said Panurge.
But I'll say a low and dry one for you.
O happy, wished-for, and much-expected day!
Table-talk in praise of the decretals.
The Panormitan never told a lie in the matter.
Was he one of our decretalists?
cried Rhizotome; it is not yet time to clap.
There is but one, answered Rhizotome.
Ho, the foul blunder, whispered Epistemon.
I will discover you a great secret.
Vivat, cried Epistemon, fifat, bibat, pipat.
If we must pass through purgatory thy will be done.
Every soil bears not everything, you know.
I like their taste extremely, said Pantagruel.
No otherwise than you have heard, replied Homenas.
Why, what would you do with them?
Ah, I wish you had them at your finger's-end.
There is some ambuscado hereabouts.
Friar John, art thou here my love?
I pray thee, stay by me, old boy.
Hast thou got thy swindging tool?
The free archer of Baignolet said as much.
Tack about, helm a-lee, thou son of a bachelor.
Haste away, let's make all the sail we can.
We'll lose no honour by flying.
At least let us retreat to the leeward.
Let's see if we cannot discover them hereabouts.
But couldn't we see some of em?
Sell me some then, I pray you, cried Panurge.
That's the part of a lawyer, returned Pantagruel.
Believe me, we had very good sport with them.
This, however, with submission to better judgments.
This is written, it is true, I have seen it.
Sophocles calls them Sternomantes.
nished with mus- Hog's haslets.
All this associated with sempiternal liquor.
Lumber pies, with with their own Hares, leverets.
Partridges and young Flamingoes.
Shoulders of mutton, Capon pies.
Pheasants and phea- Forced capons.
Dry and wet sweet- Curds and cream.
turkeys, and turkey eight sorts.
Stock-doves, and capons marinated.
Quails, and young berry cream, &c.
tops, bishop's-cods, Red herrings.
celery, chives, ram- Pilchards.
that sprout out of Cauliflowers.
Fresh herrings, full old elders), spara- Beans.
Salads, a hundred and a world of Pickled grigs.
Eggs fried, beaten, sliced, roasted in Green-fish.
buttered, poached, the embers, tossed Sea-batts.
hardened, boiled, in the chimney, &c.
Frumenty and bonny Skirret root.
How Gaster invented means to get and preserve corn.
Gymnast was making tooth-pickers with lentisk.
How Pantagruel gave no answer to the problems.
After this he asked, What's o'clock?
Ods-fish, how manfully did they storm them!
How merrily did they soak their noses!
I gape and yawn no more, answered Rhizotome.
I sleep no longer like a dog, said Ponocrates.
I have cleared my eyesight, said Gymnast.
Amphibious ser- Footed serpents.
How Pantagruel passed the time with his servants.
Look up and see our full topsails.
Have you a mind to go ashore there?
Your fleet may take in wood and water there.
Old Nick go with thee for me, quoth Panurge.
(I have not had a stool since I left Rome.
But henh, henh, atque iterum henh.
With this he threw his boar-cat down.
THE FIFTH BOOK The Author's Prologue.
How many and what dispositions made them fools?
How did you find that they are now wise?
Whence proceeded the foregoing folly?
Why did the old folly end now, and no later?
Why did the modern wisdom begin now, and no sooner?
What were we the worse for the former folly?
What the better for the succeeding wisdom?
How should the ancient folly be come to nothing?
Now answer me, an't please you.
What d'ye think the old fornicator saith?
Now you have it, what do you make on't?
Everyone, you know, cannot go to Corinth.
what swillers, what twisters will there be!
But this did not square with chorography.
Patience perforce is a remedy for a mad dog.
Now we are come to these esurial idle days.
I vow I had quite put them out of my head long ago.
Ay, marry would you, returned Aedituus.
Of the dumb Knight-hawks of the Ringing Island.
asked Panurge; and how do you call them?
said I. They have none, answered Aedituus.
How the birds are crammed in the Ringing Island.
Do but resolve to be cheery, and fall-to briskly.
Come, a fig for't, let's drink.
Touraine is our country, answered Panurge.
Come, box it about; tope on, my friends.
after Chapter VI.) Chapter 5.VII.
It is what I was ruminating upon just now.
Let's take off one, two, three, nine bumpers.
Well, I must e'en scamper or take what follows.
Methinks all this is yet but half cheer.
asked the horse; the devil leap thee!
How with much ado we got a sight of the pope-hawk.
Do you see that basin yonder in his cage?
Odsoons, said Aedituus, speak softly, I tell you.
Come, then, let us go drink, if you will.
let us rather drink, then, quoth Panurge.
How we arrived at the island of Tools.
Well, no matter, twill serve to sweep the chimney.
Thus a partizan met with a pair of garden shears.
How Pantagruel arrived at the island of Sharping.
I made there a shrewd observation.
And so on to the end of the chapter.
From thence Condemnation was passed by us.
Take this from an honest beggar.
Upon this we were filing off; but, alas!
How Gripe-men-all propounded a riddle to us.
Hearken to the court, continued Gripe-men-all.
How came this mad fellow to break loose?
How Panurge solved Gripe-men-all's riddle.
Give, give me out of hand--an answer.
quoth Panurge; why, what would you have me say?
Give, give--it, without any more ado.
twas a pretty trial, a sweet trial, a dainty trial.
O my word, they did not starve the cause.
How the Furred Law-cats live on corruption.
Formerly we used to call them chop-hay; but alas!
Let's do two things, returned he.
Secondly, because I was troubled.
Thirdly and lastly, because I was troubled.
But, prithee, let's hear one another speak.
We are enjoined by them to go forwards.
With this he lugged it out and flourished with it.
How, quoth Panurge, are you a shaver, then?
Pray come along, sir, said Double-fee.
It is vintage time with you, I perceive.
Ay, marry have they, quoth Double-fee.
Nay, why don't you iron-bind him, if needs be?
We weighed and set sail with a merry westerly gale.
She was full freighted with drums.
But pray, father, said I, whence come you?
cried they; do you call it Entelechy or Endelechy?
You are heartily welcome, gentlemen.
How the Quintessence cured the sick with a song.
How the Queen passed her time after dinner.
(Nicatism.) And a thousand other dances.
(Motteux has the following footnote:--'1.
4. Cutting sarcasms and lampoons.
A dance with bowls or pots in their hands.
Sports at the holidays of the god of bounds.
How the thirty-two persons at the ball fought.
The fight was obstinate and sharp.
Thus the fight grew hotter than before.
I found Bourges highway among these.
Oh, what a rare harmony it was!
How well twas tuned to the sound of their bells!
The Friar, pointing downwards, answered, There.
What do they wear on their hands?
What sort of rings on their fingers?
What rigging do you keep em in?
What's the colour of their stockings?
What wood d'ye burn in your chambers?
What do they season their meat with?
What sauce are they most dainty for?
Ods-bodikins, how he'd despatch!
I mean, what weather is it there?
Of what's the colour of the twigs?
When they've even used, how are they?
How much weighs each bag of tools?
Do you never commit dry-bobs or flashes in the pan?
What if you skipped, and let em fast a whole day?
What do you get out of em then?
What season do you do it best in?
How is your performance the rest of the year?
Nothing is to be got out of him but monosyllables.
You talk of making three bites of a cherry!
How Epistemon disliked the institution of Lent.
But, first, how would you have em served here?
How many of em do you intend to save?
And make you one, cried Epistemon.
How we came to the land of Satin.
I saw there two and thirty unicorns.
I saw three hydras, like those I had formerly seen.
I saw three hundred and nine pelicans.
How we came in sight of Lantern-land.
Demosthenes had formerly lanternized there.
How we arrived at the Oracle of the Bottle.
Which is the oldest city in the world?
Where did you find this written?
There quoth Panurge, Is it here?
One, two, three, four, answered Pantagruel.
One hundred, answered Pantagruel.
Add, continued she, the first cube--that's eight.
I freely consent never to marry.
I hear the cur, or my ears tingle.
Are we a-going to the little children's limbo?
Fate leads the willing, and th unwilling draws.
Of the Temple's admirable pavement.
And all these were disposed in a diagonal line.
That inlaying was very wonderful everywhere.
On the sixth was Mercury in hydrargyre.
That nimble deity had a stork at his feet.
Bacbuc asked us then how we liked our tiff.
Like Bacchus, we More than India gain by thee.
Immediately after this was heard the word Trinc.
Turn it over, where's the chapter?
loudly sing To Hymen, who all joys will bring.
How Panurge and the rest rhymed with poetic fury.
Do but hear the chiming dotterel gabble in rhyme.
Will he take a hair of the same dog?
Let's talk of paying and going; come.
Thus will they be guided by good lanterns.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
_Alfred, Lord Tennyson._ LIFE OF EDWARD FITZGERALD.
We came in like Water, and we depart like Wind.
To what school did FitzGerald belong?
Who were his literary progenitors?
Omar was FitzGerald and FitzGerald was Omar.
W. S. PREFACE TO Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam.
We answered, Be it what you please.
The Vizier was generous and kept his word.
your Reward is neither Here nor There!
What, without asking, hither hurried _whence_?
And, without asking, _whither_ hurried hence!
did the Hand then of the Potter shake?
He's a Good Fellow, and twill all be well.
Hark to the Porter's Shoulder-knot a-creaking!
Alas, that Spring should vanish with the Rose!
That Youth's sweet-scented Manuscript should close!
That by you I am bewilder'd, Whether I be I or no!
If You--then Where am I, and Who?
I look'd about for Refuge, and Behold!
The Shah ceased Counsel, and the Sage began.
From that which I originally am How shall I swerve?
Arise, Oh Moon of Majesty unwaned!
Oh Long, Long Home of Love now lost for Ever!
The Crown of Empire how supreme a Lot!
For which is for the other, Flock or Shepherd?
And what Absal who drew him to Desire?
All or nothing is the genius of Oriental life.
Religion and poetry are all their civilization.
He accosts all topics with an easy audacity.
Good is what goes on the road of Nature.
On the straight way the traveller never misses.
Loose the knots of the heart, he says.
Let us draw the cowl through the brook of wine.
He fears nothing, he stops for nothing.
This boundless charter is the right of genius.
Another:-- High heart, O Hafiz!
And his claim has been admitted from the first.
Know that a god bestowed on him eloquent speech.
We may open anywhere on a floral catalogue.
And so onward, through many a page.
Beware that the counterpart blazes with light!
What you see is He not; What you hear is He not.
* * * * * FITZGERALD CENTENARY EDITION.
net each; also in Latest Styles of Leather Binding.
changed to is neither Here nor There!
He says:-- changed to graybeard of the sky.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
Can I answer for our children also?
Surely I can, when there are only two of them.
I know you did, sir, I replied.
My husband makes but a small income, I said.
The merciful, warm-hearted man!
Pray heaven he may succeed at the farmhouse!
The bead purse is getting on fast.
Red and blue, in a pretty striped pattern.
We go to Appletreewick to-morrow.
Just outside the town the doctor met us.
No two rooms in it are on the same level.
They have three sons and two daughters.
The daughters are pictures of health and freshness.
that month, that one poor month of respite!
What are we to do at the end of the month?
What if we told our stories in a book?
What an effect it had upon our friends!
So far he did not seem to take much notice.
He jerked his head up directly, and looked at me.
What are you to do with your idle time, my dear?
And how are you to get the money we want?
Now, William, listen patiently to me, I said.
said William, perplexedly shaking his head.
The doctor is coming to see you to-morrow.
William smiled, and readily gave the promise.
Leave that to me, answered the doctor.
At that question it was my turn to be taken aback.
eh, Mrs. Kerby, what shall it be?
In your last words, to be sure!
Call it boldly, _After dark._ Stop!
I opened my writing-desk in a great flutter.
And now I leave it to you two to write the book.
We are to commence our new occupation this evening.
he exclaimed, in great astonishment.
Is this likeness wanted at once?
I reflected for a minute or two.
I begged his acceptance of it at once.
Well, never mind, suppose we begin the sitting.
We did not find many people assembled there.
The quiet in the room was horrible.
My gaming was a mere idle amusement.
The excitement in the room rose to fever pitch.
that's it--shovel them in, notes and all!
An English cheer for an old soldier!
_Ah, bah!_--the bottle is empty!
No, no, ex-brave; never--ancient grenadier!
_Your_ bottle last time; _my_ bottle this.
Or was the Champagne amazingly strong?
how are _you?_ You have set me on fire!
Do you hear, my hero of Austerlitz?
and immediately ran off into an inner room.
With one accord they all rose to depart.
The silence was now deeper than ever.
A sudden change, too, had come over the ex-brave.
I was wide awake, and in a high fever.
Then the window--an unusually large window.
I wondered what he was looking up at.
the man had pulled his hat down on his brows!
Where the feathers--three white, two green?
I turned on my back and looked up.
My blood seemed to stand still.
The next look in that direction was enough.
I am, constitutionally, anything but timid.
I looked up, motionless, speechless, breathless.
I was literally spellbound by it.
I shuddered at the bare idea of it.
I listened intently, looking towards the door.
Only one chance was left me--the window.
Next, I looked round at the sides of the house.
The moment I saw the pipe I knew I was saved.
His friend went away; _he_ remained.
Now, then, gentlemen, let us walk upstairs!
took that bed as _you_ took it?
The dead kept the rest of the secret for them.
L. K. PROLOGUE TO THE SECOND STORY.
What do you mean, Mr. Artist, by ready directly?
let's have a look at your paints.
Why, they're old brushes, by the Lord Harry!
I contend, sir, that you can't.
Does my housemaid clean best with an old broom?
Do my clerks write best with old pens?
look how he frowns as he turns this way.
exclaimed Mr. Boxsious, contemptuously.
I dispute that point with you at the outset.
cried Mr. Boxsious; it wasn't gradual at all.
I hadn't a spare sixpence to invest with.
That was rather a curious case, Mr. Artist.
I'll tell you, Mr. Artist--but stop!
Yes, then, I replied, in his own sharp way.
What do you mean by talking about a story?
THE LAWYER'S STORY OF A STOLEN LETTER.
I have given you the first that came into my head.
You want to know her name, don't you?
I knew it, though, for Mr. Frank told me.
He hadn't a bit of pride about him.
but she was one of my sort, was that governess.
The marriage was to take place on a Wednesday.
I decline mentioning the year or the month.
Is this in the way of business, Mr. Frank?
Answer in the fewest words you can use.
Nod when nodding will do instead of words.
How did you first come to have any knowledge of it?
Davager, says I, making a note of it.
We give him a fright, or we treat him to a joke.
Come to the point, says I. What did he do?
In a business way, what did he do?
Can you imagine anything nobler?
Ill in bed, says Mr. Frank, coloring.
He has not ventured into my presence.
says I. The young lady herself!
If I had only happened to be there at the time!
The price is a five-hundred-pound note.
But even that is not the worst of it.
As he said this his eyes began to water.
Will you give Mr. Davager his price for it?
You must pay your five hundred any way.
If I rang twice, he was to show the gentleman out.
About a quarter to seven my gentleman came.
He had greasy white hair and a mottled face.
Suppose-- Stop a bit, says Mr. Davager.
Suppose I should not carry the letter about me?
says Mr. Davager, and winks at me again.
I was to draw out a document, which he was to sign.
Sharp as he was, he was wrong there.
After that he went upstairs, and Tom came away.
His report was uncommonly short and pleasant.
Coat-pockets with something in them.
Not a bit, says the head chambermaid.
Query--something about himself?
Then it is _not_ something about himself.
What do I know of that is important to him besides?
I know of nothing but the Letter.
Can the memorandum be connected with that?
What do 5 along and 4 across mean, then?
or the measurement of something in his room?
The case was, to a certain extent, simplified now.
The fringes that hung from the cornice of the bed?
Ten along the room--eight across it.
My second finger-nail stuck a little at one place.
It was only the head chambermaid.
I knew it by the color of the ink.
How are you getting on with my portrait?
I may come back and pose for my picture.
I worked from her for five minutes at the most.
I was at my wit's end, and the young ladies saw it.
I went back to my drawing, rather perplexed.
Not one of the Lanfray family, apparently.
What animals we are, after all!
Come, my children and fellow-mortals.
But she will improve as you go on.
Depend on our assistance so far.
THE FRENCH GOVERNESS'S STORY OF SISTER ROSE.
I can smell the place through the window.
Louis Trudaine was a remarkably handsome man.
Do you really believe in omens, Charles?
Her son took no notice of the question.
He only reiterated sharply, Let Rose speak.
None, madame, replied Trudaine, politely.
You a ridiculer of superstitions?
said Danville, turning quickly on him.
On my word of honor, you astonish me!
whispered Madame Danville in her son's ear.
Madame Danville again said Hush!
Won't you go indoors, and take some coffee?
Trudaine was preoccupied, and disinclined to talk.
He bowed--Trudaine waited--he only bowed again.
Astonished, did I hear you say?
He held out his hand while he spoke.
Having got so far, he stopped and said no more.
Speak if you will--I can say no more.
trust me-- Trudaine looked up suddenly.
I repeat my excuses; pray let us go in.
Trudaine made no reply to this curious explanation.
Shall I be interrupting if I explain?
You accept the professorship, of course?
exclaimed the old lady, reddening with anger.
What are the last accounts from Paris?
Any more symptoms of a general revolt?
Lomaque turned to another part of the paper.
Necker, the people's Minister, is dismissed.
No more is yet known, but the worst is dreaded.
Here he stopped and laid down the newspaper.
she exclaimed, with vehement gesticulation.
I order you, my son, to accompany me back to Rouen.
You meet no more till you meet at the church.
Ah, how she loves him--how dearly she loves him!
You may alter your opinion of me one of these days.
Our last night together at home!
Does it make you think the worse of Charles?
echoed Rose, sadly, honest?--ah, Louis!
You shall teach me, Rose--you shall, indeed.
He paused for a few minutes, and reflected.
Where shall she then find protection or refuge?
With her husband's kindred and friends?
At this last decisive act he hesitated.
It was a cloudless day on the marriage morning.
To the bride she was graciousness itself.
Indeed, you have pleased me, child!
Any fresh news from Paris, friend?
Very bad, monsieur, answered the postman.
he added, hastily dropping the subject.
This very day, answered Lomaque.
There was no choice but to obey.
While he is away, push on the affair of Trudaine.
Here the note abruptly terminated.
Picard and Magloire, go and sit down at that desk.
I shall want you after the rest are gone.
The granting of these is accidentally delayed.
They have not hitherto been traced.
Suppose you try and find that out for yourself.
None in relation to the reports, returned Lomaque.
I don't want it--I don't want it at any price!
Then he paused a little, and began to think again.
said Lomaque, ringing his handbell for lights.
He is unprepared for his wife's arrest.
Only an arrest, replied Lomaque.
Here the rumble of carriage-wheels sounded outside.
I said I hope, Rose, replied her brother.
They looked at each other in silence and listened.
He looked toward it uneasily while he spoke.
Rose glanced at him affrightedly.
Has he done anything suspicious?
I am not supposed to keep a servant at all.
Rose was enthusiastic in her praises.
Rose turned round with a scream.
Rose started up, and placed herself between them.
exclaimed Danville; secret signals between you!
He stopped, turning from fiery red to ghastly pale.
Don't be afraid; it is all over now.
said Danville, with an insolent smile.
Danville hurried to it, and looked out eagerly.
I have not hastened my return without reason.
thought he, peering into the night.
The stars were out, but there was no moon.
At last the door opened softly.
Citizen Danville, health and fraternity!
he continued, beginning with the usual form.
My name is Louis Trudaine, he answered.
Rose, come back, cried Trudaine.
Save him, by all you hold dearest in the world!
His wife uttered a cry of horror.
Danville turned uneasily toward the police agents.
His firmness had deserted him--he was trembling.
She heard him whispering to himself, Rose, too!
The impassible chief agent made no answer.
Some new noise in the street struck his quick ear.
He ran to the window and looked out eagerly.
exclaimed Lomaque, raising his hand.
Do you see the advancing torch-light?
cried Lomaque, pointing exultingly into the street.
Who shall oppose you, did you say?
Shall I call to him as he passes the house?
You have behaved nobly; you must not fail now.
Courage, love; our lives depend on it.
I have an idle hour or two to spare for a walk.
said the jailer, shaking his head.
Overworked, friend--overworked.
No idle hours in our department.
Even the guillotine is getting too slow for us!
No; they're just going, answered the other.
Shall I help you to shove them into marching order?
My time is quite at your disposal.
This is a holiday morning with me!
what a jolly dog he is on his holiday morning!
What time do you go to your Section?
I shall try if I can't get here soon after one.
With these words he nodded and went out.
he reiterated, striking his bludgeon on the table.
Two of the guards sprang in among them.
There was a murmuring exclamation, Is that all?
Ex-royalist coach-maker to the tyrant Capet.
Accused of conspiring in prison.
Action accepted as sufficient confession of guilt.
1st Thermidor, year two of the Republic.
Any special cases this morning?
How fast she heard his heart throbbing!
Magloire and Picard stepped forward to the table.
Produce your proofs in answer to this order.
inquired the president, impatiently.
He stopped suddenly, and grew confused.
My lord the president, began the poor girl firmly.
Citizen president, he cried, I have not concluded.
I demand leave to complete my confession.
shouted the man with the bludgeon.
I repeat that I am ready, answered Trudaine.
Superintendent Danville is taken ill!
I refuse to be saved, unless he is saved with me.
This made ill-blood between them.
Transcribe faithfully to the letter!
Life and death hang on my words.
I had not the Roman fortitude to rise equal to it.
How did I meet this second supremest trial?
I assert it, answered Danville.
Rose's head sank again on her brother's shoulder.
She murmured once in her brother's ear, Louis!
I was not aware of it, he answered.
Solitude was just then welcome to him.
On the contrary, I am glad of the opportunity.
Try to compose yourself, and listen to me.
That last appeal had an instantaneous effect.
I have no choice but to promise, answered Trudaine.
Let me put the question at once.
Is there no greater difficulty?
Write it down, with plain directions for use.
If I can save one, I can save the other.
Wait till you know the extent of your obligation.
Those are your chances--this is all I can do.
I can't look back to it with pleasure.
I can't do this, and I want to do it.
Thank me when I have done something useful.
Good at a pinch, friend--good at a pinch.
I expect to be at the prison this afternoon.
The morning came, and the hot summer sunrise.
The devil take me if I can make head or tail of it!
Sober, I hope, said a quiet voice at his elbow.
Stick to that literally, and nobody can blame you.
Look in, by all means, said the man.
Break the news to your sister as gently as you can.
I only know that he is arrested.
don't talk now; my friend outside is coming back.
Will you be so obliging as to tell me where?
Finish your wine, and come to the door.
Now look back, along the road where I am pointing.
You see a large heap of stones?
a thousand thousand times welcome, at last!
How you are altered for the better!
She answered the summons immediately.
asked Rose, leading him to a chair.
Oh, Louis, if we could only live there once more!
Here is a letter with all the particulars.
Trudaine looked over the letter eagerly.
The price is not beyond our means, he said.
Lomaque hesitated, and fidgeted in his chair.
I can easily explain it now, answered Lomaque.
This desire gave me a new interest in life.
I resolved to escape death if it were possible.
For ten days I lay hidden in Paris.
I threw myself on this man's mercy.
interrupted Rose, laying her hand on his arm.
Yours is a short story, indeed, my good friend!
Perhaps you have forgotten some of it?
Again Lomaque fidgeted and hesitated.
It is best to risk nothing, and to humor him.
Come, come, he said aloud; no grumbling.
Lomaque's face grew grave as he followed them.
They parted for a little while at the cottage door.
You suspect me, then, of bringing bad news?
I say again, Lomaque, speak at once, and speak out!
You are right; my bad news is news of him.
No--he has not a suspicion of it.
You shall have it without another word of preface.
Danville is on the point of being married.
There was a minute of dead silence between them.
Let us walk on, said Trudaine, in a low voice.
I was prepared for bad news, yet not for that.
Are you certain of what you have just told me?
Does that old fellow live at Chalons?
Pray what is this ex-emigrant's name?
Danville, replies the citoyenne Clairfait.
I exclaim, perfectly thunderstruck.
What is there so amazing in that?
No time _shall_ be lost, answers, Trudaine, firmly.
I think it is possible, interposed Lomaque.
We must go then, and we must take your sister.
Trust that to me, answered Lomaque.
Let us return to the cottage at once.
There is that in your face which would betray us.
We should be worse than ungrateful-- He stopped me.
You have always been good to me, he said.
I must not impose on your kindness now.
Why, here is your furniture to begin with, he said.
asked Lomaque, with a meaning look at Trudaine.
Send Dubois here with my chocolate.
Charmingly, madame--charmingly.
The remark was an unfortunate one.
I was thoughtless--only thoughtless-- Silence!
Your master will not have time to return here.
Are there many people in the street?
The street is almost empty, madame, he said.
Two o'clock; and my mother not here yet!
let's go on with what we were talking about.
Ought I to have had him shown down again?
retorted mademoiselle, struggling to free herself.
It was a breathless, lifeless mask--a white blank.
One of you two has deceived me.
asked the general, tightening his hold sternly.
interposed one of the old officers, coming forward.
You have given us no proof of your identity.
said the general, appealing to Trudaine.
Have you proofs to confute him?
If you have, produce them instantly.
Lomaque passed Madame Danville on the threshold.
Something in her presence silenced every one.
He retired a few steps, and gave her no answer.
An agent of police under Robespierre.
Her lips moved a little--she spoke.
cried the general to the servants near the door.
Help him to take her into the next room!
I will tell you more when we get out.
Keep indoors till the night mail starts for Rouen.
I have had two places taken for you on speculation.
There is your way; here is mine.
They talk together seriously and in low voices.
I have something that I very much wish to show you.
They were both to fire together.
Which account is true, I know not.
It is hard to gain information.
She drew it away from him gently.
A few tear-drops lay on the paper.
It is never too late to learn, cried he.
We shall soon get there, said Mr. Garthwaite.
Don't say you had rather not go in.
As we walked on, Mr. Garthwaite's manner altered.
He became unusually silent and thoughtful.
She seemed to be about nine or ten years old.
THE ANGLER'S STORY of THE LADY OF GLENWITH GRANGE.
They are the only prominent characters in my story.
Miss Welwyn's father died some years since.
It was a lovely, sunshiny morning.
His two daughters were never separate.
The spring began to get far advanced toward summer.
The only joyless face at the Grange now was Ida's.
These papers were published weekly.
On the second day no answer came.
He pointed to the passage as he spoke.
Well educated; gentleman-like manners.
Imprisoned at twenty for theft and assault.
She was just able to make a sign in the negative.
Escaped from custody at Toulon.
His wife anxiously suggested some simple remedies.
They sat silent for half an hour or longer.
This last argument had its effect on Miss Welwyn.
She suffered the agent to lead her upstairs.
Miss Welwyn went upstairs to her sister.
The child was born alive, and lives still.
His own fate was not long in overtaking him.
They were not told as a secret to me.
Oh, that accursed _Soule!_ groaned the young man.
exclaimed the harsh voice from the bed.
He did not hear or did not attend to the old man.
Grandfather is very ill to-night, he whispered.
Faster and faster; plainer and plainer.
Answer me, I command you--is the floor wet?
asked the old man, quickly and breathlessly.
I hear it still, he said, drip!
Go in, and keep the children from disturbing us.
Listen; don't lose a word I'm saying!
We had nothing to give him but black bread.
something to drink--I'm parched with thirst.
forgive me!--I saw--I--more to drink, Gabriel!
I can't speak again--more to drink!
They were all three trying to go asleep again.
Don't groan and sob in that way!
you'll wake them in the next room!
exclaimed a voice from behind the partition.
Keep close and listen--I can't say much more.
She looked closer--looked intently at him.
It was Francois Sarzeau himself.
Young Pierre lay almost insensible in his arms.
Perrine saw it, and answered for him.
He has been rather light-headed lately.
What was I talking about last night?
Something too horrible to speak of?
Had he died with a falsehood on his lips?
What did your grandfather talk about last night?
his father went on, with a bitter laugh.
Then he faced his son once more.
you'll think better about it by the time I return.
Come out, Perrine; we've no secrets here.
He went out hurriedly as he said these words.
Was there any way of setting it at rest?
There were two tracks to the Merchant's Table.
Could this man really be his father?
Did he really desire to go there?
He drew back into the outer air and sunshine.
I may marry Perrine with a clear conscience now!
What's that girl Perrine doing here still?
Why hasn't she gone home long ago?
Should he seek advice from others wiser than he?
Come in, Gabriel; oh, do come in!
We are afraid to be alone with father.
He's been beating us for talking of you.
When he entered the cottage, Francois was absent.
Listen to me attentively, and I will tell you how.
They waited for evening at the farmhouse.
It was the signal of the elevation of the Host.
Sit here near me, and attend to what I now say!
This accounted for their finding me.
he added, aloud, looking round him.
Father Paul had desired that this might be done.
Gabriel turned away his head in terror.
Once, after an interval, he approached the window.
After that, they went into the cottage together.
The priest's loving petition was never forgotten.
In those words the nun concluded her narrative.
I have known him for some years.
I've refuted _you,_ at any rate!
I alone have found the answer; and here it is!
With these words, he left me to wash my hands.
The figure of the stuffed poodle.
I suppose he was a favorite of yours?
This alarmed, but fortunately did not irritate him.
THE PROFESSOR'S STORY OF THE YELLOW MASK.
This master-stroke decided the victory.
I thought you were provided for when-- Silence!
You see I was not provided for.
Let us be friends again, she said.
And what are your plans, Brigida?
Ah, rejoined the other, it's not what it was.
The first thing is to get him to offer it.
I won't have the lace doubled, on second thoughts.
Stop, stop, Nanina, said Brigida, in Italian.
Look up, and tell us what you want.
Are you going to the studio to-day?
One chair, one stool, one saucepan on the fire.
Such was the household--furniture and all included.
The girl looked sickly when she came in here.
No. She has altered within the last month.
But as for Nanina, she will simply be of use to me.
For my part, I always distrust innocence.
I am glad to hear it, rejoined the priest, dryly.
Now I do precisely the reverse of that.
It the girl herself, cried the other.
Exactly her expression, and exactly her features.
Are you going to accept the offer?
That's the mystery I want to find out.
I thought she was here a minute ago.
Until that time, allow me to go on with my work.
How are you getting on with the cast?
Nanina's eyes filled with tears.
Between him and the doorway stood three chairs.
With those words he nodded and hastily went out.
Superstitious, said Father Rocco softly to himself.
I have nothing more to say, rejoined Luca, sulkily.
Of what use would wealthy relations be to me?
Money is something to everybody.
Then have you found me mercenary?
That is rather a cool way of praising him, Rocco.
I blame him as long as the spoil is not restored.
How do you know that it was spoil, after all?
And what does Fabio answer to that, brother?
I have not spoken to him on the subject.
Because I have, as yet, no influence over him.
How do you know that she will speak?
he asked, in an anxious whisper.
Oblige me by giving that to my niece, he said.
Yes, Luca, I think it is likely.
La Biondella was the first to speak.
Look, Father Rocco, see if I can't carry them!
Can you trust her to take them home for me?
asked Father Rocco, turning to Nanina.
Can you trust her out by herself?
The best and kindest of friends, answered Nanina.
Nanina's hands dropped on the priest's knees.
Surely you must have thought of that?
Oh, I have often, often thought of it!
He took her hand and stopped her.
Father Rocco, Fabio would never deceive me.
I would die rather than doubt him.
You would be happy then, Nanina; but would he?
He has not your patience and fortitude.
Think of his life then, and of yours.
We are not masters of all our impulses.
she cried, why did you not tell me this before?
I promised to go at ten o'clock.
What would he think of me if I went away?
Oh, if I had but learned to write!
If I could only write Fabio a letter!
I will ask you to do nothing hastily.
I will leave you till to-morrow morning to decide.
Give me a sign from your window.
He went out, leaving her still weeping bitterly.
Why have you never written to me?
There are no stories of their disagreeing.
Yes; a child, born little more than a week ago.
They will both be disappointed.
Mercy on us, Brigida, how fierce you look!
I'll tell you what you want to know directly.
Only answer me another question or two first.
Have you heard anything about her health?
I have never seen or heard anything of her.
Better than fifty such wives as he has got now!
And how long was it before he came back?
I had allowed him more time than enough.
Had he made no attempt, then, to discover Nanina?
As it turned out, in the worst possible way.
But how did she first get the advantage of you?
He grew cold, neglectful--at last absolutely rude.
I can't repeat their words, especially here.
There are other people lodging in the house.
That was the last thing I heard.
I managed to thank him, and to get to the door.
It was evening when I left the studio in that way.
I heard of it about six months ago.
But let us drop the subject now.
I am in a fever already with talking of it.
A letter from her, he whispered to himself.
Why does it come at such a time as this?
Was its arrival ominous of good or evil?
Thus, at least, it seems to me.
Fabio sighed bitterly while he read the letter.
Do you know where to find them now?
Stay, who is your mistress's confessor?
He ought to be summoned without loss of time.
My mistress's confessor is Father Rocco, sir.
Very well--send, or go yourself, at once.
Even minutes may be of importance now.
It is not our fault that she has gone.
She must have had some cause for going away.
The little man hesitated, and made a fourth bow.
The priest pursed up his mouth contemptuously.
Father Rocco started, and listened eagerly.
Pray, pray excuse my want of caution this time.
Yes; I said that--and I know it to be true.
But this is not the matter in question now.
You say you infer that she had seen my letters.
Are you ready to go back to Florence to-morrow?
Simply let me know what you discover.
Have you anything else to say to me?
Good-night, then, said the priest.
Perhaps Luca has heard something.
He took up his hat and went to the door.
The doctors have given up all hope.
Have you told my brother of this?
They descended the stairs in silence.
You refer to the dangerous illness of your niece?
he whispered nervously to himself.
My thought at the moment when she spoke to me!
Another wife, over whom I should have no influence!
he thought to himself, as he rang the bell.
Are you going to try a second time?
Luca Lomi himself opened the door.
Have you heard anything of our poor child?
My poor Luca, the doctors have given up all hope.
All the heart he had was in his statues and in her.
There was no movement and no answer.
Luca advanced a step or two, and called again.
Rocco, what are you doing there?
Still the priest never said a word.
He put the lamp down on the nearest table.
Luca observed that his hand shook.
He hurriedly extinguished the light while he spoke.
He took his hat and cane, and went out.
Do you want to earn a little money?
I am only a poor work-girl, and my name is Nanina.
But I have been away for some time.
I was a year at Florence, employed in needlework.
No, sir, with my little sister.
I was waiting for her when you came up.
Have you never done anything else but needlework?
How came you to leave this situation?
The lady and her family were going to Rome, sir.
The landlady of this house can, sir.
The steward burst out laughing.
Nanina looked at him in speechless amazement.
It is the talk of the whole city.
Since then she had heard nothing more of him.
What have you done with the dog, my dear?
He would sit down and look at the sausages.
We ought to have her at the hall.
don't talk to me about being afraid and awkward.
Does the little girl like sweetmeats?
Oh, go to the ball, Nanina; go to the ball!
cried La Biondella, clapping her hands.
Of course she will go to the ball, said the nurse.
Heavens, child, what a thing to ask!
Nothing, said Nanina, constrainedly.
She turned pale, and walked away as she spoke.
We shall see what the marquis says now.
Can Nanina have come back to Pisa?
I must ask Number Thirty about her to-morrow.
People were rather amazed at this.
Are they going to be friends again?
If I pained you, I am sorry for it.
Whose interest is it to keep me away from the ball?
Why, in Heaven's name, don't you speak?
You speak with a strange air of secrecy.
I should advise you not to go to the ball.
Did she never express such a wish to you?
It is impossible for me to reply to your question.
I can listen to persuasion, but I scorn threats.
Her cheeks had turned perfectly colorless.
For Heaven's sake, don't stop speaking to her here!
Fabio felt the justice of the reproof immediately.
whispered two of the waiting-girls together.
Fabio turned again toward the table.
He turned away shuddering, and quitted the room.
Why, you look pale, and your hand feels cold.
You don't mean the Yellow Mask?
Yellow Lady, do you know my friend?
exclaimed D'Arbino, with mock solemnity.
The fatal eyes never moved from Fabio's face.
I declare she has left you paler than ever.
They went at once to the large refreshment-room.
But it was too late--the figure had disappeared.
Does any one know who this Yellow Mask is?
At the same moment he felt a hand laid on him.
The lamps shed their soft light full on her face.
It was the face of his dead wife.
It was the face of my dead wife.
for God's sake, rouse yourself!
I am scarcely fit to act for myself.
The figure must have gone through this room.
Not one of the servants had seen the Yellow Mask.
The last resource was the porter at the outer gate.
Should you remember the coachman again?
Perfectly; he is an old friend of mine.
Yes; as well as I know where I do.
We had better try the stables first, said the man.
The porter turned out to be right.
Where have you taken her to now?
To the Campo Santo again, said the coachman.
said Finello, eagerly, to his friend.
His wife was buried in the Campo Santo.
The morning light, however, suggested new thoughts.
He is ill, and he has sent for you!
I must go with you to help him.
Take me with you--take me with you to the palace!
exclaimed the nurse, gently unclasping her arms.
don't break my heart by denying me!
Marta was not proof against this last appeal.
I have argued with him vainly by the hour together.
Pray, does she take much walking exercise?
Very little walking exercise, indeed.
Her pale cheeks and heavy eyes told me as much.
I must have this cleared up, he said.
He got but little notice, however, for his pains.
Well; that is not your only reason?
Another shock to his mind might be fatal to him.
We are alone here, said Brigida.
You never said a word about conditions before.
You must find two hundred if you want the wax mask.
Delay till after four, and it will be too late.
Unfortunately, Scarammuccia heard it too.
He twisted himself round in her arms and growled.
The noise disturbed Father Rocco.
She heard him rise and leave the summer-house.
In another moment they were face to face.
You put the hope of your life once in my hands.
Nanina's eyes still followed his mechanically.
I can do you no harm, and I wish to do you none.
I was never your enemy, even when I distrusted you.
Had she injured him, or had he injured her?
She hastened toward the city at her utmost speed.
You have saved him, said the doctor, joyfully.
I will answer for his recovery.
She is quite right to take every precaution.
Brigida's eyes followed the money-bag greedily.
So much for that part of the secret.
We know who the lady was already.
By no means, madam, rejoined the doctor.
have I not given you part of it?
And am I not prepared to give you the whole?
Nanina, this bag belongs to you--come and take it.
Nanina appeared from the window-seat.
I can wait for a better opportunity.
The doctor glanced approvingly at D'Arbino.
Well, well, we won't argue about that now, he said.
I will lock up the money with the mask for to-day.
Come here to-morrow morning as usual, my dear.
Did she speak in private with any one?
No; I come solely on my own account.
My brother seems careless what happens.
The doctor looked over them with some curiosity.
A boat was placed entirely at their disposal.
Play, Nanina, they heard her say.
And the woman who wore the yellow mask?
She, too, has ended mysteriously.
She left the city, alone and penniless.
They looked back for a last glance at the beach.
It is a lovely summer afternoon.
This is one great relief and happiness.
Do you think they will print it, sir?
The letter is written--the thing is done.
Just so, my dear sir, just so, answered the editor.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
He was, too, a man of public spirit.
He did not live to finish the sentence.
But not a scrap of the treasure did she ever find.
This put a stop to my search in that direction.
He seemed to think the case very promising.
Susan's biscuits were something extraordinary.
He seemed to enjoy it thoroughly.
Susan did not say anything; she simply shuddered.
It is an effective safety-valve.
What on earth did you buy that for?
I asked, when the man had gone.
It seems to be a pretty good wash-boiler, anyway.
I really must beg of you to send it away.
And what ever will you do with it in New York?
Why _didn't_ you think of it sooner?
His conduct was very extraordinary.
We really were very sorry to part with him.
I advise you to attend to the matter at once.
I am very affectionately yours, Gregory Wilkinson.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
A MAGAZINE OF LITERATURE, ART, AND POLITICS.
Was I fool enough, then, to trust his professions?
Was I more philosophical than he?
And now to my queen-bee, Ann Harris, aforesaid!
Come in and rest you, and have something to eat!
Did the motherly creature believe me lost?
or was her astonishment only feigned?
She saw my indifference to her offer.
I knew she saw it working in my face.
They bid me look farther and see more.
Our party consisted of five, and we had two guides.
We had engaged him simply as a porter.
Auguste and I soon became friends.
I did not talk to him at first.
His mere presence was satisfaction enough.
After a while we grew more sociable.
j'avais cru que vous etiez de Paris_!
Thus Auguste and I had frequent dialogues.
Have I, then, aided your purpose, Auguste?
I asked, with feigned ignorance.
But what do they come _there_ for?
He turned round and looked at me defiantly.
He caught my meaning as by an inspiration.
I nodded in affirmation of the truth.
yes, ere,--in this wery chapel!
One only of our party responded to the look.
The stolid face of our guide now became a study.
The question had made war with his poor wits.
Not that I was rushing on in advance of the age.
I am approaching a feudal fortress.
is not that the sound of an answering horn?
Would you like to see the family-plate?
What dreams did their very silence conjure up!
She had my sympathy, and has still.
Was it a mocking spirit that haunted the place?
And what are the rooms opposite?
But you will show them to _us_ (spoken coaxingly).
It would have doubled her arduous round of duty.
So, too, when we came to inspect the chapel.
What further revelation might not this disclose!
She looked on as indignant as a dethroned queen.
Her eyes were fixed upon the stone roof.
and with her hands stretched eagerly into the air.
Here, now, was congenial sport.
She must go with us and show us the way.
She cared nothing at all for us.
For the rest, the best guide is Humility.
God grant me guides, then, to my journey's end!
God guide us all, whether we will or no!
Graveyard ought to know me; Ring, Jerusalem!
Grass grow in de graveyard; Sing, O graveyard!
Graveyard ought to know me; Ring, Jerusalem!
They repeat the words many times.
They were too happy to keep still.
Oh, Miss, all I want to do is to sing and shout!
And sing and shout she did, to her heart's content.
She read nicely, and was very fond of books.
Many of them already know their letters.
The parents are eager to have them learn.
She was at least sixty years old.
The next night five of them embarked.
They are left entirely unguarded.
Yet nothing has ever been touched.
It was the largest grove we had seen.
The faces of all wore a happy, interested look.
The Colonel was deeply moved by it.
He is one's ideal of an officer.
It was a fitting close to such a day.
The vicinity of the pines makes it quite healthy.
One old woman interested us greatly.
We were much disappointed in the Southern climate.
We had pleasant rides through the pine barrens.
There was an Italian softness in the April air.
How it gladdened our eyes and hearts!
We could hear the explosion of the shells.
The place contains nearly a hundred people.
The house is large and comparatively comfortable.
Maurice, an old blind man, leads the singing.
He was struck by his master in a fit of anger.
Some of the scars are three and four inches long.
She was used principally as a house-servant.
It has a fine beach several miles in length.
No fear of Rebels disturbed us.
In and out, in and out, the boats went.
It must once have been a beautiful place.
The gentlemen determined on wading.
We had heard and read of fleas.
We had never _realized_ them before.
We looked upon him with the deepest interest.
I do hope they will give _us_ a chance, he said.
He bring us all out right at las.
The Fortunate Isles of Freedom are before me.
I shall dwell again among mine own people.
And so Sir Joseph Barley was dead!
A good diner-out, a good visitor among the poor.
Will Sir Joseph tip for us again?
Sir Joseph vouchsafed no answer.
cried Stellato, in a husky whisper.
Here every one pricked an ear towards the table.
Doctor Franklin, is that _you_?
ejaculated the Widow Colfodder.
Question concerning the lyre repeated.
Have you brought Pocahontas with you?
The table is exceedingly doubtful.
The table is satisfied that it couldn't be done.
Miss Branly declined being kissed in the dark.
Stellato suggested a compromise.
Would Pocahontas appoint that medium?
Would the table tip towards the medium indicated?
This general conversation cannot be permitted.
Well, then, I suppose it must be Mr. Stellato!
Somebody summoned the eminent Twynintuft.
Would give any information about the fixed stars.
Also, they bottled up the same to cure humors.
Why does he sign himself _Sir_?
I have heard nothing from him for several months.
But why not ask _him_ the question?
It is sometimes done by tips, quoth Miss Turligood.
You must soon hear from some member of his family.
Fast-Day, Madam, mildly suggested Colonel Prowley.
The spirits do not recognize Fast-Day.
It was waking from a nightmare to get rid of them.
You speak like a believer, Colonel Prowley, I said.
Truly, a deep humiliation has fallen upon the town.
But the penalty was to be paid.
Then came a listless vacuity, a tawdry dreaminess.
Nothing noteworthy, he said, as I joined him.
They pretend inspiration, I suppose.
Let us go to him, then, assented Dr. Burge.
An oil-lamp sputtered feebly in the corner.
At last he spoke slowly and with effort.
Burge, you here?--and one of us?
I make no such assumption, was the rejoinder.
Slowly and in dreamy heaviness the discourse began.
Phrases upon phrases of gorgeous dreaminess.
The air was thick and poisonous.
Attention had been strained to the utmost.
We made for the parlor with all convenient speed.
I left my bright spirit-home to come here to-day.
Me have hunting-ground in fifth sphere.
By the Muse of my ancestor the Poet!
The requests were instantly complied with.
Mrs. Colfodder sank down exhausted upon the sofa.
At length, however, even this was accomplished.
said Miss Turligood, consulting her watch.
How spirits do make the time pass!
A brief adjournment for dinner will now take place.
Remember, in this place, at three o'clock.
gasped Miss Turligood, in extreme astonishment.
The interruption came from before the front-door.
The Railroad-Omnibus had driven up to the house.
But it is _not_ Professor Owlsdarck!
the spectacles with the square glasses!
It is Sir Joseph Barley himself!
gasped the Colonel, in desperate interrogation.
Well, there are moments--why not confess it?
They do not recognize Fast-Day.
I shall clasp thee again, And with God be the rest!
Don't ask me for system, said he; I never had any.
But he loves law as little as he loves mathematics.
I was the last one she looked upon.
Upon this, he is of course thrown adrift.
This, however, after some misgivings, he declines.
He will try what he can do with his pen.
We know what came of it: success, delight.
After this comes a merry whirl through Europe.
I have shown you why I was not long since....
There is only one more task to make good.
Volume by volume the work comes forward.
He pushes on, however, through his task.
Mr. Irving was not one of them.
He never made haste to condemn.
We have neither space nor present temper for this.
You are going out, Miss Changarnier?
Seeking danger for the pleasure of escape?
A little excitement spices our still life so well!
At least, Sir, I can spare further aid.
Play Undine and the Knight on the island?
I am much obliged to you, Sir, she said.
So it seems, he replied, dryly.
You ought to have heard him swear!
He galloped off at last like mad.
Mr. St. George is too solicitous.
Have you spoken to your master about buying Vane?
Yes, Miss. On'y he a'n't no business _here_.
One sits for Mnemosyne, he said then.
she kept saying chokingly to herself.
Mr. St. George had taken up a book.
How should she dare disturb him?
Oh, yes, Sir, she waits on me still; that isn't it.
Yes, said Mr. St. George, coldly.
Thereat Mr. St. George laughed.
asked Eloise then, mischievously.
They would tell too shocking stories.
But perhaps he would give him to you.
Miss Eloise, he would give him to _you_.
One moment, if you please, said the other.
And Mr. St. George remained in meditation.
When he spoke, it was not in too assured a tone.
I should like to be able to serve you, Sir.
And he rose opposite her, smiling and gazing.
A whole promise is rash, said Eloise, laughing.
In pursuit of an _ignis-fatuus_?
And all in vain, she said, laughingly.
It is a secret you found out long ago!
There will be guests at noon, for several weeks.
I rely on Miss Changarnier's assistance.
And he handed her a paper, and went out.
For Mr. St. George had entered just in time.
Who would not be the Abelard to such an Eloise?
You were about to impart some information?
There is some confusion in your rhetoric.
_Tant mieux._ My way is all the clearer.
That is exactly what I intend to do myself.
How do you dare ask him to pass the butter?
Tell me truly, only shake your head, yes or no. No?
But it's becoming to me, isn't it?
But of that Eloise never dreamed.
Nullification is a good solvent.
What are you talking about, politics or marriage?
For what, then, do you contend?
Eloise went down the hall after Hazel.
That is my little maid, said Eloise.
I have lent her to Mrs. Arles awhile, though.
I did not know she was your maid.
Ah, yes, that would be impossible, by Heaven!
But ought I to accept such a gift?
asked Eloise, oblivious of his last speech.
Why should she not give it to him?
What object had her lonely life?
And she snatched away her hand.
Oh, how delightful to be on the water to-night!
The boats were afloat and laden before one knew it.
said St. George, with a whitening cheek.
We have gone far enough, said Eloise, resolutely.
We fly upon the wings of the wind!
How should Eloise contradict him?
Perhaps he half divined the fear.
They are both here, life and death, at our beck!
That day shall see My streams forever free.
The place had borne an evil name for centuries.
In our days, this edifice was known as the Olympic.
But the destiny of the Olympic was indomitable.
We had had enough and to spare of them.
Its ill-luck was consistent to the last.
By half-past six the whole house was in a blaze.
The Olympic arose like a phoenix from its ashes.
He was troubled with a conscience.
Vilikins and his Dinah created a _furore_.
How balefully those atrabilious eyes glistened!
You laughed, and yet you shuddered.
He spoke in mere doggerel and slang.
He sang trumpery songs to negro melodies.
The mountebank became inspired.
At all events, Masaniello had but a brief run.
When I say written, I mean, of course, translated.
Planche retired into the Heralds College.
The cleverest of the Broughs died.
Over Dives and over Lazarus she equally tyrannizes.
We never _can_ spare a good actor.
As well can we spare a good book or a good picture.
The American people ought to see Robson.
Painfully nervous he always was.
THE PARALLEL ROADS OF GLEN ROY, IN SCOTLAND.
Not a link is wanting to the chain.
FOOTNOTES: [A] See January No., p. 61.
Which needs the other's office, thou or I?
Which sigh wouldst mock, of all the sighs?
such our claim; So answered,--Never more!
Its comfort is like that of a royal home.
There is nothing inn-ish about it.
Here are the _cartes-de-visite_ I promised.
They look hard-worked, but they look like me.
I shall not linger here as we did there.
To serve the party we secured a man and a boy.
The boy we obtained near Mariposa.
The whole distance to the Valley was fifty miles.
Take the dry statistics of the matter.
There faced us another wall like our own.
How far off it might be we could only guess.
Where we stood the width is about two.
A city might have been built on its grand flat top.
The butterfly keeps rather ahead of the horse.
Mariposa County is rightly named.
We grew perilously nigh our bag-bottoms.
When he arose, his animals were undiscoverable.
No such precaution was needed by ourselves.
Let me see, what was I to write about?
So in the interior domestic circle.
Is it altogether genteel to live as we do?
You say in your soul, What shall we do?
The very soul of Mrs. Simmons rejoices in heaven.
The parlor-door flies open during breakfast.
Why, Bridget, what's the matter?
Cook, of course, is sure of her victory.
I can see to the dinner myself.
She cannot say, _I_ have made these things.
I know exactly what they require.
They make the head save the wear of the muscles.
She was fain to accept any help with gladness.
The work seemed to be all gone.
It is just as I told you, I said.
I should feel myself independent.
I dread those household storms, of all things.
This is the method dear to the Anglo-Saxon mind.
We must not say that we are trying experiments.
The time for all this has gone by.
We must show we know how to use them.
The strip is here broad, and there narrow.
It is broad in Tennessee, Arkansas, and Louisiana.
So much for the expense of this system.
We have not the Louisiana statistics at hand.
How is this cheapness of administration gained?
They may have to be taught to use them.
The education and the civilization will follow.
For us they are the legitimate use of victory.
From the Fourth London Edition.
With a Copious Analytical Index.
So was it with regard to the Empire.
Not even the story of Curtius now finds believers.
He died after the high Roman fashion.
It is written with vivacity, force, and elegance.
The size is convenient, and the shape comely.
As a philosopher he does not go farther.
They have long ago found them out.
_Poems._ By FREDERICK GODDARD TUCKERMAN.
London: Simpkin, Marshall, & Co.
By Thomas Shepard Goodwin, A. M. New York.
Edited by George Frederick Pardon.
Compiled from Authentic Sources.
Translated by J. Leander Starr.
Life of William Hickling Prescott.
Lyrics of a Day; or, Newspaper Poetry.
By a Volunteer in the United States Service.
Work and Play; or, Literary Varieties.
Satan's Devices and the Believer's Victory.
By Rev. William L. Parsons, A. M. Boston.
Dangerfield's Rest; or, Before the Storm.
A Novel of American Life and Manners, New York.
The Philanthropic Results of the War in America.
Including a Description of Surveying Instruments.
By G. H. Mendell, Captain of Engineers.
Moore, Wilstach, & Baldwin, 8vo.
With Letters of Trial and Travel.
By Brigadier-General William H. Morris.
Synonymes of the New Testament.
By Richard Chevenix Trench, D. D. Second Part.
First American, from Second London Edition.
With an Introduction by Rev. J. G. Holland.
History of the Romans under the Empire.
From the Fourth London Edition.
With a Copious Analytical Index.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
But you don't know Uncle Peter.
Finally the door opened and Uncle Peter greeted us.
Quite a while, Uncle Peter--off and on that is.
My uncle became visibly disturbed.
That's wonderful--truly wonderful.
But I'm certainly surprised at you.
What do you mean by tsk-tsk-tsk?
You didn't let Joy finish, Uncle Peter.
And I think her attitude is entirely justified.
Joy is a fine girl and my intended bride.
I supposed you would assume as much.
It would be very thoughtful of you to leave.
In fact it is already perfected and must be tested.
Then I could easily infiltrate-- You could what?
I'll be indeed honored to attend your wedding.
Uncle Peter had the grace to blush.
Uncle Peter's frantic attention was upon the girl.
I said, We'll see you later, then, Uncle Peter.
And you too, Miss Courtney, Joy cut in.
Make Winky bring you and don't bother to dress.
The reception began smoothly enough.
Joy and I stood at the door for a time, receiving.
Almost immediately, Aunt Gretchen ferreted us out.
I reluctantly took my hands away and answered her.
And Bag Ears Mulligan is one of my dearest friends.
Homer--I'm through--absolutely and finally through!
They are in a sad state, his ears particularly.
But he is cheerful and warm-hearted nonetheless.
That is true, I returned, and you are most welcome.
I gave the butler a cold look and he stalked away.
I am certainly a lucky man, Bag Ears.
Isn't she the most beautiful thing you ever saw?
Bag Ears was of course impressed.
Joy was rocked back on her heels.
Bag Ears said, Lady--leave us not be formal.
I haven't seen him around anywhere.
He gave his word, so I'm sure he'll come.
I don't quite understand myself, but I feel uneasy.
There was something too eager about that look.
Uncle Peter is basically a good follow.
I think he envies me my wide contacts.
Darling--we have a guest--Bag Ears-- Oh, of course.
Bag Ears obligingly looked in the other direction.
But Joy didn't quite get her heart into it.
Oh--I remember--Red Nose Tessie.
I believe an apology is in order.
I gathered that was what he meant.
* * * * * Joy's eyes were upon mine.
Why, it's going to be wonderful!
I went into the kitchen and got a bottle of brandy.
She was no longer the old familiar Aunt Gretchen.
And I don't think she _did_ hear him.
Please understand, Homer--I'm not criticizing.
Things have gotten past that stage.
Johnson resigned a half-hour ago.
But, my dear aunt, I protested.
I issued only three invitations.
How did you happen to overlook Red Nose Tessie?
She does not enjoy wedding receptions.
So does Aunt Gretchen, Joy observed.
But it might be fun to look them over.
We had guests who were utter strangers to me.
You can identify some of these intruders?
Cement Mixer Zinsky, Joy murmured.
It's on account of he invented something.
Result--no more crowding by that guy.
He was the first one who thought of it?
I will take care of everything.
Bag Ears will see that you are not harmed.
I followed his eyes but could see nothing unusual.
It appeared to be the least-troubled spot in view.
Bag Ears looked at me with stark unbelief.
But there was another interruption.
And standing close to him was my Joy.
A different Joy than I had ever seen.
And keep your mitts out of the herring!
But surprise was piling upon surprise.
Don't you see Uncle Peter there--serving drinks?
Not a finger in the room moved.
Only his eyes were visible--icy, black, narrowed.
Those eyes seemed to be smiling a grim smile.
Possibly his hidden teeth were bared in a snarl.
The situation was entirely plain.
You mustn't fire that weapon, my good fellow.
That experiment is now in progress.
Yet no other term can describe it.
He made a check mark in the book.
The masked man stared in slack-jawed wonder.
Goofy things is happening here.
A most amazing occurrence, I observed.
He did not seem to be enthusiastic about leaving.
I repeat, Bag Ears bleated plaintively.
A lot of explanation is wanting.
There are some people we've got to catch up with.
If she drives south--I'd drive north. Goodbye now.
That could explain it, I told Joy.
There was a bleak look on his face.
It's a good way to collect your insurance.
She's heading for Higgins Drive, Joy observed.
But our honeymoon, I said, plaintively.
She returned her eyes to the road.
This isn't what people do on their honeymoons.
Oh, you mean--but don't worry about that, darling.
I got a date to take Red Nose Tessie to the movies.
Joy apparently did not hear him.
I wish we had all the parts to this puzzle.
But why did Uncle Peter want them there?
Joy glanced at me with love in her eyes.
Mental exercises aren't your forte.
And she's taking our dear uncle with her.
Turn on the radio, she told me.
You--you, sir--what is your name?
And will you tell the radio audience what you saw?
It wasn't nothing--nothing at all.
* * * * * This was evident to all three of us.
Looks like they're going to give theirselves up.
I had come to the cross-roads, so to speak.
Uncle Peter is pulling a fast one, Joy said.
I was uncertain as how to proceed now.
I doubled my fist as the officer approached.
He wasted no time in getting acquainted.
He said, How come you guys are tailing those guys?
I was frozen with consternation.
Instantly she dragged me back into the car.
Uncle Peter gave him that stick of gum!
The old monkey's gone clear off his trolley.
Maybe he plans to clean out the whole town!
Uncle Peter is knocking them off like clay pigeons.
They're good fun, but that's beside the point.
I doubt it, he replied dubiously.
A fast, fifteen-block chase followed.
We are here to take charge of my uncle.
Joy's gayety was again coming to the surface.
Now get-- I seized Joy's wrist.
I don't see where it's anybody's business, either.
If he wanted your help he'd ask for it!
That's why he brought the Tommy--just in case.
He's not-- I continued with the questioning.
The blonde looked wonderingly at Joy.
All we want from you is answers.
Cora squealed but remained mute.
This sort of thing is not in your line.
It will be distasteful to me, but duty is duty.
I got a withering look from my dear wife.
You and Bag Ears get in and start driving--slow.
I'll have some answers in a minute or two.
Cora gave forth an agonized wail.
All right, she said regretfully.
And what is the purpose of the meeting?
Cora's resistance was entirely gone.
The young lady may be telling the truth.
Uncle Peter is always short of funds.
There was no one else in the place.
The barkeep held one in his hand.
Uncle Peter said, It's something new I invented.
* * * * * Hands said, Go ahead.
The barkeep said, Pure dynamite, huh?
He raised the glass and grinned.
The barkeep shook his head and came on in.
Then Joy slipped into the narrow space between us.
He hit a radiator head-on and lay still.
She smiled at me and said, Don't be alarmed, angel.
Do you want to take McCaffery, or shall I do it?
I doubt if he'll come to the station peaceably.
This is all uncalled-for-- Don't let him get away!
It was heavy and it caught me just below the knees.
This delayed me for some moments.
Hands McCaffery had been apprehended.
This interlude was furnished by Bag Ears.
Bag Ears said, Pretty--pretty--pretty.
It's no use trying to stop him.
He's dreaming of his bells, she murmured.
I poured two and we drank to that.
Don't you mean, May we all find our Shangri-La?
We might as well get it over with.
Our trip to the police station.
You must give yourself up of course.
His mind was obviously out of joint.
He said, Oh, my broken test tube!
Let's all go over to my laboratory.
You may have one last visit there.
That's one of the reasons I'm going there.
To a monastery high in Himalayas.
Two controls are distilled into it.
You mean those people weren't destroyed?
Joy was quicker on the reaction.
I couldn't picture Uncle Peter as a killer somehow.
Why did you have to consort with law-breakers?
* * * * * Joy had apparently lost interest.
I'm going back to Joe's Tavern, she said.
I moved to protest but she waved me down.
You did not answer my question.
I had a fairly clear picture of things now.
Uncle Peter looked me straight in the eye.
When I arrived at Joe's Tavern, Joy was gone.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
The table of contents was added.
After it the noise of farewells rises shrill.
The boy caught himself up suddenly and blushed.
_God help Kaiser Bill._ Sky and sea are opal grey.
He has never been so happy in his life.
At last things have come to pass.
Perhaps it's only curiosity, muttered Martin.
She beamed at him provocatively.
And now that they've done such frightful things ...
They've gone pretty far, said Martin, laughing.
Really, I oughtn't to talk about it.
Let me tell you just one story....
It's absolutely authentic, too.
But I think it was in Louvain, not Bruges....
I have a wretched memory for names....
I'll have to tell you later....
* * * * * The smoking-room again.
Clink of glasses and chatter of confident voices.
Two men talking over their glasses.
They tell me that Paris is some city.
Why, there are houses there where ...
The other man burst into loud guffaws.
But the war's put an end to all that.
Say, you two, how about a hand of poker?
Jiminy, don't spill it all over me.
Feet were tramping on the deck above his head.
Nothing is more purifying than sacrifice.
He took a couple of the reddest of the roses.
Do you understand the language of flowers?
The Boche has a Mercedes motor, said someone else.
You can tell by the sound of it.
When's your section leaving here?
What do you think of all this, anyway?
It is thin and cold like the climate.
But this was a nice village before the war.
Even now the fruit is very fine, said Martin.
As she spoke the glasses on the table shook.
A word formed in his mind: tumbrils.
They tried to hide their agitation.
The schoolmaster poured out more wine.
I could not pass without stopping a moment.
We have the honour to take the lead.
You will have a glass of wine, won't you?
Julie, fetch a bottle, you know which....
I thought they looked a little discontented.
We're the train de luxe, we are.
I think I heard a shell go over.
A little dirt fell down on Martin's face.
We'd better go over to the quarry.
Gee, that was in the house behind us....
One of the Frenchmen said it was gas.
They must be tired like we are.
But it is quiet here, isn't it?
It's quieter here than in Paris.
The sky is very beautiful to-night.
They say they're shelling the Etat-Major to-day.
We are well off here, said the doctor again.
I have not had a serious case all day.
We took that slope from them two months ago....
Why can't we go over and talk to them?
Nobody's fighting about anything....
You'd better get your car ready, my friend.
Randolph threw back his head and laughed.
But doesn't that strike you funny?
Oh, the war, what do you think of the war?
What do you think of the peste?
Evacuated to the same hospital.
Reforme to the same depot behind the lines.
You must be Athos, Porthos, and d'Artagnan.
Who can sing the Internationale?
cried a man, sitting up on his stretcher.
Go for orders to the commandant.
Oh, you're for the special case?
Have you anything to tie a man with?
He just tried to stab the sergeant-major.
He smiled reassuringly at Martin Howe.
They can give it back to him when he gets better.
At the car he turned and saluted.
Thank you for your kindness, he said.
Good-bye, old chap, said the lieutenant.
They answered reassuringly, The driver's got it.
Tom Randolph stopped on a wild chord.
I am afraid that winged somebody.
Three stretcher-cases for Les Islettes.
Nearly to the abbey a soldier stopped them.
Put the car behind the trees and get into a dugout.
The soldier threw himself flat in the muddy road.
said Randolph between his teeth.
I'm goin to stay and see it out, Howe.
There was a lull in the firing.
But the question is, what's happened to our grub?
Four stretcher-cases for 42 at once.
* * * * * At night in a dugout.
He wishes he had the patience to play too.
Howe poured out pale-coloured Chablis.
You can play the fiddle, can't you, Tom?
Then we'll wander about and you can support me....
Look, we must have some red wine with the veal.
All the same to me as long as there's plenty of it.
It would be a new progress of Bacchus.
I'll meet you at the corner of the boulevard.
Tom Randolph was out of the door.
They split at the door and here we are, Howe....
Mademoiselle Montreil, let me introduce a friend.
Look, before it's too late, we must have a drink.
They invited him over to their table.
No. Ambulance service; Americans.
We'll have to hurry; it's near closing-time.
I need a bit o whisky to put me on my pins.
The Englishman felt in his pocket.
The Englishman waved the ticket in the air.
He said Thank you with a funny German accent....
Mind you, he said Thank you'; that's what hurt.
Here's to mud, said one of the Australians.
People had gone back for the last act.
Mind you, I'm not what you'd call susceptible.
But the poor beggar said Thank you.
asked a woman, plucking at Martin's arm.
the woman answered mechanically.
I wonder if I ought to leave my money with you ...
I doubt if I'm a safe person to-night ...
Tom Randolph pressed Martin's hand and was off.
There was a sound of a kiss in the darkness.
The three women put their heads together.
Really, they mustn't think that ...
It's something really romantic, you see.
She rolled her eyes in sympathetic admiration.
Martin felt himself softening towards her.
He slipped a twenty-franc note in her hand.
The door opened and slammed again.
Well, there's only you and me, she said.
The streets were black and silent.
Words were droning importunately in his head.
Get up, you can't lie there, cried a gendarme.
They kissed each other tenderly and languidly.
Oh, Paris is wonderful in the early morning!
He got to his feet and pressed her two hands.
Well, what sort of a time did you have, Howe?
That was my real love of the night.
Of course; you'd better go at once.
All cars must be ready to leave at six to-night.
You don't understand that, said the aspirant again.
Yes, we're going up to make a little attack.
Probably I'll come back in your little omnibus.
Martin Howe could not help looking at him suddenly.
I wonder what they think of it.
Martin was sitting with his arms crossed.
I'm not resigned either, he shouted in a laugh.
Oh yes, you are quartered in the square.
Pretty near knocks the wind out of you.
Say, Randolph, have you heard the new orders?
D.J.'s not till day after to-morrow at four-twenty.
We'll see the real thing this time.
He leaned over to crank the car.
Did you get the smell of almonds?
I haven't got it in my pocket, Howe.
I wish I hadn't lost my flashlight.
I'll call you when we need a car.
The concussion put the lamp out.
The lieutenant swore and struck a match.
The Americans lay down to try to sleep.
Hello, old chap, said the doctor quietly.
A smell of disinfectant stole through the dugout.
You can't find the road any more.
But, my lieutenant, we can't stay outside ...
But, my lieutenant, our dugout's been hit.
God, suppose these masks need changing.
There aren't any more in the abri.
I have some more in the car, said Martin.
I'll get one, cried Randolph, getting to his feet.
They started out of the door together.
whispered Martin, his ears ringing.
Someone pulled them back into the abri.
The gas-mask might be defective.
Outside the gas-shells were still coming in.
The lamp showed through a faint bluish haze.
Someone pulled the blanket aside.
A little leprous greyness filtered into the dugout.
Tom Randolph cried, pulling his mask off.
The air of the woods was fresh and cool outside.
I have five very badly wounded men.
I can't see a thing in this mask.
Hah, that did for the two back horses.
Is there any room in the ambulance?
One of my men's just got his thigh ripped up.
He'll have to go to a poste de secours.
Constant throbbing of detonations.
The groan is barely heard amid the bubbling breath.
CHAPTER VII So you like it, Will?
A champagne bottle rested against his knees.
I've never been happier in my life.
No. That was in another incarnation.
He poured from the bottle into a battered tin cup.
I am sure that many people have, and will.
You probably'll do it yourself, Will.
So there was nothing to it but to get wounded.
Of course the posts didn't need inspecting.
But never would he let the doctor even peep at it.
But, Will, you can't like this, he said.
I worked a year in an office before leaving home.
The two boys watched the specks in silence.
What a funny place to shoot shrapnel!
He took off his helmet and examined it quizzically.
Tom, I've got a dent in the helmet.
He put his foot on the shrapnel splinter.
That ought to be mine, I swear, Tom.
The man held up his musette to Howe.
I was bringing it to the little captain.
It's Medoc, 1900, from my own vines....
Look, taste it, there's still a little.
Go there, my poor good old wine.
Shrapnel burst a little down the road.
You must have had a tough time.
How did you find things at home?
Oh, what do I care about that now?
But we used to know how to live, we Gascons.
I had the best-looking rig in the department.
Oh, she was nice in those days!
He is stationed at Versailles....
But what do I care about all that now?
He spat savagely on the first step of the dugout.
They learn to get on without you.
But we'll be free to do as we please.
the artilleryman shouted, dancing on.
Say, let's change knives--a little souvenir.
There are other ways, says the aumonier, smiling.
You'll have a little glass, won't you?
Another follows it, exploding nearer.
An exploding shell rends the air about them.
My dear friend, I admit nothing....
He waves his hand and goes into the dugout.
This is the last summer of the war....
How long have you been at the front?
Near Mont Cornelien, last year.
I tripped over something and fell down.
You were scared, said the Alsatian.
Look, this photograph was there, too.
The other man buried his face in his hands.
We'll drink to peace or war, as you like.
Overhead in the stripped trees a bird was singing.
It's a shame to bury a pair of boots like that.
Wait a minute; we've got a coffin for him.
A white board coffin was brought.
Good-bye, and strode out of the graveyard.
It was a shame to bury those boots.
We've heard that before, said Tom Randolph.
They say it's the gas, said Martin.
Must have been real nice, said Randolph.
The devilish part of it was that I was all alone.
Then what I was going to tell you about happened.
His hair and beard were full of wet mud....
And the shells comin in all the while.
There didn't seem any use talkin to them.
That's some story, said Randolph.
That'll make a letter home, won't it?
Martin wondered what he was thinking.
Or did he too burn with loathing and revolt?
Most of the batteries were quiet.
Martin ran out, stumbling in the hard ruts.
The effort gave Martin a strange contentment.
He pulled his blanket up round his head.
He clutched the sides of the stretcher.
A snorting roar rocked the dugout.
We'll foot it home, that's all.
We won that throw, thought Martin.
CHAPTER VIII Ducks quacking woke Martin.
He stretched himself and looked about him.
Behind them was a mass of rustling oak-trees.
And to think that only yesterday ...
He listened carefully for some time.
Wouldn't it be great to go to sea?
There is too much else to do in the world.
I'd expected to do so much with you.
And they both laughed, a little bitterly.
We'd love to stop in for a second.
Merrier has told us about you, he said.
Yes, I went to a Jesuit College in Dallas.
I was preparing to enter the Society of Jesus.
How long have you been in the war?
That seems to me the only way to take the war.
To me our entrance into the war is a tragedy.
The best camouflage is always sincere.
Dubois ran his hands through his hair.
Of course, why should there be any difference?
And I used to believe in liberty, said Martin.
He noticed that his was the only tumbler.
I am honoured, he said; mine is the only glass.
And that's looted, said Merrier.
Now I hardly know if the thing exists.
I suppose everyone has thought that....
And the press is ruled by whom?
People seem to so love to be fooled.
Government of some sort there must be.
Yes, but admit that that can be changed.
Instead of many hatreds, one love.
A single tyranny, instead of a million.
All this sermonising does no good.
Ours is now the duty of rebuilding, reorganising.
Think of the thought trodden into the dust....
Has not someone on earth the courage to act?...
Oh, they have deceived us so many times.
The world is weary of its past.
I brought my skin back, said Merrier, laughing.
There was no resistance where we were.
And I have three hundred rounds.
They'll come in handy some day.
In the revolution--after the war.
But it is impossible until after the war.
And then you think it is possible?
One last bottle of champagne, cried Merrier.
They seated themselves round the table again.
All the candles but one had guttered out.
Oh, indeed, there must be peace.
In all the minds the seed is sprouting.
But they have the power and the nerve.
After the war that is what we must do.
Oh, but we are all such dupes, cried Dubois.
We must come over and see those fellows again.
It's such a relief to be able to talk.
Think that the awakening may come soon.
We might wake up to-morrow and ...
I'm a cobbler by profession, said the man.
I've done all those since yesterday.
I can pick up any number I want.
He gave a wheezy, coughing laugh.
The light hair hangs in clots about the forehead.
Is there anything I can get you?
But you haven't told me yet, how's Merrier?
came the faint rustling voice peevishly.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
His advent made a holiday in each town he visited.
How hearty and happy the myriad faces looked!
But the incident pleased the President.
[Illustration: THE PRESIDENT WITH MR.
They may never have another chance.
He beamed with delight all over.
He bubbled with laughter continually.
I know all this country like a book, he said.
We shall soon reach Medora, which was my station.
He was soon lying on the ground, much stunned.
Then I went out to see what had happened.
The people feel his quality at once.
I am given the right of way over all.
[Illustration: FORT YELLOWSTONE.
We saw birds feathers and quills in all of them.
Put me up a lunch, and let me go alone.
And there it is now, he exclaimed.
It ceased to sing when we pursued it.
[Illustration: THE YELLOWSTONE RIVER AND CANYON.
Why did we not think to bring the glasses?
I will run and get them, I replied.
He had never seen the bird before.
It was high noon, and the sun shone clear and warm.
Would they try it while we were there to see?
By Jove, said the President, I must see that.
The shaving can wait, and the sheep won't.
What a stream of it he poured forth!
The Ex-Rough wrote that his trial never came off.
It brings out his mettle very distinctly.
He unites great austerity with great good-nature.
The President always rode beside the driver.
[Illustration: SUNRISE IN YELLOWSTONE PARK.
It is the only fragrant buttercup I know.
How blue they were,--breast and all.
A few geese and ducks seem to winter in the Park.
It was a great shock to us all.
I never saw a better man with a team than he was.
He was heavier than I was, and broke in more.
Necessity alone could induce him to fish.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
The Department of Public Verse 92 VII.
Besides I don't believe in swearing.
Well, I'm awfully glad to see you, said Alice.
That's telling, said the Hatter.
I'll tell you what a copperation is.
said the Hatter as he finished.
You're like all the rest, groaned the Hatter.
O well, said Alice, what about it?
Suppose there is such an animal around.
What are we going to do about it?
And what has become of the man?
I can't blame him, said Alice reflectively.
I should hate to have my teeth taken away from me.
O there's no obfuscation about it, said the Hatter.
Confuscation, corrected the March Hare.
I wish you would get that word right.
My mind is on higher things than mere words.
Where do you get the money to pay him?
We give him a Municipal Bond, explained the Hatter.
bond costing two cents to print.
It stops everywhere, said the Hatter.
What I mean is it hasn't any ends at all.
It was my idea, he added proudly.
But you said it was fast, protested Alice.
And so it is, my child, said the Hatter kindly.
There's several ways of being fast, you know.
It's a Sea Song in B flat, said the Hatter.
I got an idea from that ballad, he rattled on.
They can get off and walk, said the Hatter.
That's it exactly, said the Hatter.
Everything else is a tertiary consideration merely.
It's a combination of turtle and dromedary.
Must have been awful, said Alice.
It was a hard problem, said the March Hare.
The hardest ever, asserted the Hatter.
he added, turning to the White Knight.
Yes, said the Knight, only I put it in poetry.
cried Alice, clapping her hands in glee.
Thank you, said the White Knight.
The ends being the venerable spot, abolish them.
Ends were endless, but nothing else was.
As a matter of fact they multiplied on us.
Build a circular car, of course.
One big enough to go all around the city.
That would solve so many problems.
With only one car, there could be no collisions.
No, I never did, replied Alice.
Nor I neither, said the March Hare.
O, they're getting to like it, replied the Hatter.
No, said the Hatter with an easy laugh.
But we will have one in the spring.
He means perpetuating, whispered the March Hare.
Nobody can monopolise anything under our system.
It is one of the seven wonders of the world.
And the little party descended into the street.
But here in Blunderland all was different.
I beg your pardon, Mr. Hare, retorted the Hatter.
I guess I know my own language.
Excuse me, said the March Hare meekly.
First, is it necessary for a gas works to be ugly?
To both these questions the answer was plain.
It hardly seems possible, does it?
Oh, I am so glad, cried Alice delightedly.
Thank you, Alderman, said the Hatter.
It certainly was a very pretty idea, said Alice.
asked Alice, very much interested.
But in the matter of perfume it was fine.
We're all agreed upon that point, said the Hatter.
But there were complaints of course.
Besides reading at night is bad for the eyes.
The answer to that was simple enough.
People don't need to see to go to bed.
That was pretty serious I should think.
cried Alice How did they do it?
Most of em did, laughed the Hatter.
Since then there have been no complaints.
All right if you say so, said March Hare coldly.
Only I'd like to have that opinion in writing.
I prefer prune, said the March Hare, with dignity.
I'll write it out for you with pleasure.
How did you ever come to be Chief of Police?
she cried delightedly, as she recognised him.
Hence accordingly, it became thus.
But what did the Agents have to do?
It sounds very interesting, Alice ventured.
I should think the girls would like it.
Oh, no indeed, said the Dormouse.
You don't mean to say you give it the moon?
Not exactly, said the Dormouse.
It works very well in a great many places.
Only a dollar, sir, he asked piteously.
Certainly, Simpkins, said the Dormouse kindly.
I must have left my money at home.
Miss Alice, permit me to introduce you to Simpkins.
You couldn't spare a dollar, could you, Miss?
It will relieve a terrible case of distress Ma'am.
Fine, said Simpkins, executing a jig.
Alice gazed after him in wonder.
He's the only one, replied the Dormouse.
He's the official Beggar of the Town.
Is the Printing Plant clogged up?
Unmercifully, said the Dormouse.
But I thought all Cities owned their police force.
The Lord only knows, laughed the Dormouse.
I should admire to see it, she said.
That's a great thing in Municipal Ownership.
There aren't any more strikes under it.
I wonder no one has ever thought of that before.
It's just like a telephone, isn't it?
Only it looks like a hat instead of a funnel.
The word telephone struck me as being a misnomer.
It is very pretty, commented Alice.
I thank you for the suggestion.
But you see how the thing works.
It's a splendid scheme, said Alice.
For instance, suppose you try it yourself.
Give me 83115 Bloomingdale, please, Central.
Bridget O'Flaherty, replied Alice.
Tub 37, Municipal Laundry, said Alice.
Is this Mrs. S. Van Livingston Smythe?
Well, I'm very sorry, said the sweet voice.
Why--it's perfectly wonderful, said Alice.
But why did Central want my name and address?
But I can't say that I'm sure I'd like it.
Why, you can't have any secrets from anybody.
And why should you wish to, my dear child?
Not under Municipal Ownership, said the Hatter.
The Hatter blushed and smiled foolishly.
I should think it would, said Alice.
And when do you propose to start this plan along?
It'll do em good, laughed the Hatter.
I don't think I understand, said Alice.
It has resulted in great good for everybody.
I don't think I ever heard it, said Alice.
That's all there was to it, said the Hatter.
And a good job it was too, said the March Hare.
About that--on the average, said the March Hare.
Economy in real money is our watchword.
Pretty well, Mr. Mayor, replied the Commissioner.
You strike a very lofty note in that.
And how do the new Limericks work?
Don't you think so, Miss Alice?
Why yes, said Alice, but--does it rhyme?
It's a wonderful system, said the Hatter.
That ought to be a great help, said Alice.
Don't forget Chatter, put in Alice.
How his enemies do scatter Thro the land!
Of course you will, sighed the March Hare.
CHAPTER VII OWNERSHIP OF CHILDREN What time is it?
I shall have to run along home--it's supper time.
O, as for that, he said, there's no hurry.
cried Alice, with a look of alarm on her face.
Now, don't bother, said the Hatter kindly.
I want to go home, she whimpered.
Certainly--as you wish, said the Hatter.
Why, how-di-doo, said the Duchess affably.
Glad to see you again, Miss Alice.
Do you live in this beautiful building?
And a mighty good old mother she is!
repeated the Duchess haughtily.
Oh--I see, said the March Hare.
Well--he's a Diplomat all right, all right.
How are things going to-day, Duchess?
They will be in time, said the Duchess.
I was afraid of that, said the Hatter.
How does the compulsory soda-water regulation work?
You'll excuse us, Alice, said the Hatter, politely.
Why, that is--that is terrible.
It certainly is, said the March Hare ruefully.
It's a very important matter, said the Hatter.
That's all right, Mr. Mayor, said the White Knight.
But you don't want to frighten capital, you know.
A hundred thousand dollars, cried Alice.
A hundred thousand dollar bond.
Finally on the 117th floor the elevator stopped.
You are home, said the Duchess.
But I want my father and mother, whimpered Alice.
Dear me, Alice, said her mother.
I hope you haven't hurt yourself.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
That was no more than was to have been expected.
In the first place there was little interest.
I should be fortunate to sail away myself.
So I will begin with Madame Balli.
For the uncovered faces were horrible.
He may or may not have been permanently blind.
One walks miles in these hospitals.
Beatty, Randolph Mordecai, James R. Barbour, M.P.
As I have said before, the race has genius.
I never should have imagined it.
Mlle. Berty lost no time correcting me.
Oh, Hortense is not married, she merely remarked.
But she has a splendid son--twelve years old.
I loved very young, she explained.
Madame Balli has sold hundreds of these necklaces.
All these men, of course, were reservists.
Mobilization took place on Sunday.
And they have gone by every morning since.
In Rheims the women have never closed their shops.
These notable exceptions will be dealt with later.
She had been assured of a decent living long since.
In France no washing is done in the house.
The favor, it appeared, was all on the other side.
If so, the world never knew it.
Paris is a city of little shops.
III And then there were the munition factories!
The answer in every case was the same.
The women had high chests and brawny arms.
Their skins were clean and often ruddy.
They showed no signs whatever of overwork.
He said there had been no sign of it so far.
But not one had been ill a day.
But meanwhile it was not so bad!
Some of the women received as high as fifteen.
These men took their orders meekly.
[B] It is called acacia in Europe.
There were practically no unemployed.
He was crying quietly as he turned away.
They have no snobbery in the climber's sense.
But nothing could daunt Mlle. Javal.
I looked at them with a good deal of interest.
Our home is like a bachelor apartment.
[C] No doubt there are now little Uncle Sams.
Then, abruptly, peace ended and war came.
Men disappeared from their usual haunts like mist.
M. le Docteur Pertat was mobilized with the rest.
Madame's bank account was very slim.
And who could say how long the war would last?
Not a word had come from England.
No doubt the number has doubled since.
Our visit had nothing to do with the war.
The women looked stout and comfortable.
There were even window curtains.
He had lost his sight from shock.
So much for the man's tragedy in war time.
Not that I saw anything in detail.
The heroine of Bourg is Madame Dugas.
This was the Convent de la Visitation.
But that force was already in possession of Bourg.
Madame Dugas was a woman of endless resource.
The ancient trees were heavy with leaves.
It was an oasis in the desert of war.
I leave obvious ruminations to the reader.
She must have sifted France for them.
I thought of the French Revolution.
The Government decided to go to Bordeaux.
She appealed to Ambassador Herrick.
He had trouble enough on his hands.
Go, Mademoiselle, and go quickly.
But that was only half of the problem.
Would I go out and see the Ecole Feminine?
Mlle. Thompson put it charmingly.
I should be conferring a favor.
It did not take me any time whatever to decide.
V I remained something like three months.
I received the benefit of all the experiments.
Judged by the American standard, certainly not.
I listened to one or two of these talks.
I looked as if afflicted with measles.
VII The Ecole Feminine, I am told, is no more.
Perhaps the Ecole will be reopened later on.
This was either sold in Paris or sent to America.
It is difficult to induce the reminiscent mood.
The most valuable books in the library were gutted.
Few of the women had any skill with the needle.
Not a spot of grease in those crowded quarters.
On her manners alone France should win her war.
That is to say, in reasonably normal conditions.
The Mayor presided and his wife was with him.
Her lips were painted an energetic vermillion.
Then a big room used for baggage was given to us.
That will be, I hope, for another time.
The same day I went to Revigny.
We have twenty-five nurses there.
Before the war it was a caserne (barrack).
All these buildings seemed to me perfect.
one of them said to me, shrugging her shoulders.
Their chief concern is for the poor wounded.
Saturday was the most interesting day of my trip.
What wonderful work has been accomplished!
It is very simple, very practical, very complete.
I have been filled with admiration.
I never saw hair disarranged or dress neglected.
Many hospitals are already opened for them.
The wounded came pouring in at once.
The last train leaves at three o'clock.
There was nothing to do but walk.
The distance was twenty-three kilometres.
But this hospital too was crowded with wounded.
I never heard any one complain.
But I am told they do sometimes.
But she set her teeth and did it.
Mlle. Jacquier was very much amused.
Madame Lyon was a very important person.
However, to return to Madame Viviani.
Seven hundred were cared for there.
We both besieged the War Office.
The great Battle of the Somme had just begun.
They are so polite at the Ministere de la Guerre!
If I had only thought of it a month earlier.
Fortunately a lieutenant passed by and saw him.
He gave orders to have him carried away.
Many weeks will be required to cure him.
The men were only too glad to see a new face.
Such is life for the Mothers of France to-day.
She also kept all her girls at work from the first.
It is no longer done, as the English say.
Often there were no Caves Voutees in the villages.
I stopped, for I was like one stunned.
Early the following day I rushed to our house.
We shed tears on meeting again.
Such-and-such-a-house is ruined by a shell.
All the inhabitants were hiding in their houses.
Nobody in the house dared to go to bed.
It was some Germans who wanted to buy chocolate.
Some paid but the majority did not.
It was, in spite of its origin, a happy scene.
She questioned her, she put her arms about her.
Some of these fairy godmothers had ten filleuls.
Packages were dispatched to the Front every week.
IV But the war has changed all that.
The wives were all excitement and hope.
VI Nor to give up her new power.
The husband, she told me, did the thinking.
Words of tremendous import to France, those.
Unexpected resources were developed.
Something sudden and violent happens.
They were still discussing it when I left Paris.
No doubt it is already beginning to bear fruit.
Better for us both that I return whence I came.
After all there may be a new officers class.
The valet discovered extraordinary capacities.
These are not to be suffrage chapters.
That war has now lasted almost three years.
The significance of this, however, works both ways.
There is reversion to type with a vengeance!
Our instincts are humanitarian.
But any woman may have her opinion of him.
Time will show, and before very long.
But may there not be a shuffling of the cards?
Take the question of servant-girls for instance.
No one ever has found life a lake.
If she wants to, well and good.
This war may solve the problem.
My life had been objective and sheltered.
When my husband died I had but one child.
But by that time my health was established.
The questions of the moment absorb us.
They have used up their vital forces.
It is not so much a matter of will as of physics.
Almost anything can be done with the plastic mind.
All looked healthy and contented.
She means that the young things shall reproduce.
In other words, anything she could get.
That happens in times of peace.
But Mrs. Willsie is exceptionally well balanced.
She did not hesitate an instant.
Moreover, she was one of the guests at the dinner.
Many would have failed where she succeeded.
No woman has more devoted friends.
She began almost at once to teach French and music.
But these means of livelihood were mere makeshifts.
But if she despaired no one heard of it.
Now she knows the difference at a glance.
This was _The Heart of the Desert_.
After many trials and tribulations I reached Paris.
Far less glorious but of vital importance!
So off I went to the south of France.
The first was offered by my father.
I next went to a military hospital at Amiens.
At first it was hard and unsatisfactory.
I remember one incident worth quoting.
I left the ward for a few moments.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
The Project Gutenberg eBook, The Mabinogion Vol.
LLANUWCHLLYN, 13_th_ _September_ 1902.
And the horseman drew near and spoke unto him thus.
What discourtesy, Chieftain, hast thou seen in me?
After this manner mayest thou, he said.
Gladly will I do this, said he, show me how I may.
Gladly then, said Pwyll, will I set forward.
{17} My trusty Lords, said Havgan, bear me hence.
I shall be no more able to uphold you.
And thereupon Pwyll related the whole unto them.
I will go therefore and sit upon the mound.
And he took a horse and went forward.
Yet she held the same pace as at first.
Behold, said Pwyll, here is the lady of yesterday.
My Lord, said he, that will I gladly do.
And thereupon the lady came opposite to them.
Yet she rode not faster than before.
Behold, Lord, we are here, said they.
Let us go, said he, to the mound, to sit there.
And he turned after her and followed her.
But he came no nearer to her than at first.
My greeting be unto thee, said he.
My chief quest was to seek thee.
And hither have I come to hear thy answer.
By Heaven, said Pwyll, behold this is my answer.
Gladly, said he, will I keep this tryst.
And the whole court was placed under his orders.
And all the rest according to their rank.
My soul, said Pwyll, what is the boon thou askest?
Be silent as long as thou wilt, said Rhiannon.
Lady, said he, I knew not who he was.
Lady, said he, I understand not thine answer.
In thy hand will I give thee a small bag, said she.
And such will be thy answer respecting this.
These can I not suffer to be given to any.
My soul, said Gwawl, will thy bag be ever full?
I will willingly arise, said he.
So he rose up, and put his two feet into the bag.
And thus played they with the bag.
The game of Badger in the Bag, said they.
Said Heveydd Hen, Lord, he speaks truth.
I will do this gladly, said the man in the bag.
Such then is our counsel, answered they.
And Heveydd numbered the sureties.
Said Gwawl, Do thou thyself draw up the covenant.
So unto that covenant were the sureties pledged.
Willingly, said Pwyll, mayest thou do thus.
So Gwawl went towards his own possessions.
Refuse no one to-day that may claim thy bounty.
Certainly, said Heveydd, may Heaven prosper thee.
Fix also a time when Rhiannon may follow thee.
By Heaven, said Pwyll, we will go hence together.
Yes, by Heaven, answered Pwyll.
Oh, said one of the women, the boy is lost!
And according to this counsel it wast settled.
Hast thou not thyself devoured thy son?
But it rarely happened that any would permit.
And thus did she spend part of the year.
What can be done in the matter?
This is the night of the first of May, said he.
And it was standing up in the place.
Lady, said he, art thou sleeping?
My Lord, said she, What adventure is this?
I will readily grant thee to do this, he answered.
I will allow thee to give him the colt.
So the horse was given to the boy.
So it was settled according to this counsel.
And when they were opposite to her.
Truly, my soul, said Teirnyon, we will not go.
And behold here is thy son, lady, said Teirnyon.
Gwri Wallt Euryn, is the name that we gave him.
Pryderi, said Pendaran, shall his name be.
This is good counsel, said they all.
Thereupon they all remained in their own dominions.
And thus ends this portion of the Mabinogion.
Beautiful flags of satin were upon them.
Then they put out boats and came towards the land.
Heaven prosper you, said he, and be ye welcome.
asked the king, and will he come to the land?
And this answer was brought to Matholwch.
And at Aberffraw they began the feast and sat down.
And they were not within a house, but under tents.
No house could ever contain Bendigeid Vran.
And thereupon towards his ships he set out.
But one thing surprises me above all.
Nevertheless he cannot recall the insult.
Men, said he, I will take counsel.
Lord, said he, Heaven reward thee.
Verily, asked I, wherefore are you journeying?
So I took them with me, and maintained them.
And they were with me for a year.
And that year I had them with me not grudgingly.
In what manner didst thou receive them?
In Edeyrnion, were these men left.
Heaven protect you, said he, have you any news?
Messengers then went unto Branwen.
Lady, said they, What thinkest thou that this is?
What is the forest that is seen upon the sea?
The yards and the masts of ships, she answered.
The messengers set forth and came to Matholwch.
Meal, good soul, said the Irishman.
Thereupon came the hosts unto the house.
And a long time will you be upon the road.
Lord, said Pryderi, be not so sorrowful.
Thou art the third disinherited {62a} prince.
Wilt thou follow the counsel of another?
I will, my friend, said he, and Heaven reward thee.
Thou wilt do well, he answered.
Even now her aspect is not uncomely.
By that will I gladly abide, said Rhiannon.
And before the feast was over she became his bride.
And after the mist it became light all around.
Verily, said Manawyddan, we must not bide thus.
And they betook themselves to making saddles.
So they four went to another city.
We will make shields, said Manawyddan.
Do we know anything about that craft?
Whatsoever thou wilt that we know, said Pryderi.
I know nothing thereof, said Pryderi.
Let us set forth to Dyved and go to see it.
And he related it all unto her.
The gate of the castle she found open.
She was nothing daunted, and she went in.
Oh my lord, said she, what dost thou here?
And the damsel thereupon took courage and was glad.
Gladly, lord, said she, we will do so.
And they set forth together to England.
Lord, said she, What craft wilt thou follow?
By that however will I abide, said he.
Nay, said he, we will go back unto Dyved.
So towards Dyved they set forth.
And no wheat in the world ever sprung up better.
I will reap this to-morrow, said he.
And at this he marvelled greatly.
Verily, said he, this will I reap to-morrow.
So he took his arms, and began to watch the croft.
And he told Kicva all that had befallen.
Verily, said she, what thinkest thou to do?
I will watch the croft to-night, said he.
And he went to watch the croft.
there arose the loudest tumult in the world.
A thief, said he, that I found robbing me.
Behold I will tell thee, he answered.
Do therefore, lord, as thou wilt.
Do so willingly then, said she.
My lord, said the scholar, good day to thee.
Heaven prosper thee, and my greeting be unto thee.
And whence dost thou come, scholar?
And what work art thou upon, lord?
Good day to thee, lord, said he.
Heaven prosper thee, said Manawyddan; thy blessing.
The blessing of Heaven be upon thee.
And what, lord, art thou doing?
A creature, he answered, in form of a mouse.
Willingly, lord, do thy good pleasure.
And the bishop himself came towards him.
Lord bishop, said he, thy blessing.
Is not that a mouse that I see in thy hand?
Let it loose and thou shall have the money.
I declare to Heaven that I will not set it loose.
By Heaven, I will not, he replied.
I will that Rhiannon and Pryderi be free, said he.
That thou shall have, he answered.
Not yet will I loose the mouse, by Heaven.
I will not set it free, by Heaven, said he.
I will know who the mouse may be.
I have now told thee who she is.
I will not set her free, by Heaven, said he.
What wilt thou furthermore, asked he.
And truly thou hast done wisely in asking this.
Upon thy head would have lit all this trouble.
Behold, here they come, he answered.
And thereupon behold Pryderi and Rhiannon.
Hast thou not received all thou didst ask?
I will release her gladly, said he.
And he rose up and looked forth.
And such had been their bondage.
{79} And thus ends this portion of the Mabinogi.
Youth, said he, what aileth thee?
Why, replied he, what seest thou in me?
Be silent, my soul, and sigh not, he said.
It is not thereby that thou wilt succeed.
So they went unto Math the son of Mathonwy.
And what kind of animals are they?
But it may be that he will refuse you, said he.
Gladly, said he, go thou forward.
No, he answered, ample speech hast thou.
Behold, then, lord, said he, my errand.
Well, said they, how may they be obtained?
I will cause them to be obtained, said Gwydion.
Thou mayest exchange them for that which is better.
Now these he had formed of fungus.
Well, said he, we will take counsel.
And when they came there, the country was rising.
Where are the animals whereof you went in quest?
So they went in to the council.
And this answer they took back to Pryderi.
The men of Gwynedd went back joyful and in triumph.
for we ought not to put them in prison.
Math himself went forward to Caerdathyl.
Lord, said they, Good day to thee.
Lord, they said, we are at thy will.
And this day twelvemonth come hither unto me.
Look, said he, what is without.
And when he came he beheld the three animals.
And thereupon he struck them with the magic wand.
Now the name that he gave him was Hydwn.
And this day twelvemonth be ye here under the wall.
And he was very large for his age.
And after they were equipped, they came unto him.
Ha damsel, said he, art thou the maiden?
I know not, Lord, other than that I am.
Then he took up his magic wand, and bent it.
Beneath him no wave ever broke.
The third fatal {91b} blow was it called.
Who is the boy that followeth thee?
This youth, he is thy son, he answered.
Verily, he replied, he has not yet a name.
What men are those in yonder boat?
They are cordwainers, answered they.
And the messengers came and told her this.
Let him also make some that are smaller than they.
Truly, she answered, I will go unto him.
Ah, lady, said he, good day to thee.
I could not, he replied, but now I shall be able.
Heaven reward thee not, but now has he got a name.
Llew Llaw Gyffes be he called henceforth.
I have done thee no evil yet, said he.
Then he restored the boy to his own form.
Be therefore more cheerful than thou art.
Next morning, at the dawn of day, they arose.
With great joy were they greeted.
And the hall was arranged, and they went to meat.
Now Gwydion was an excellent teller of tales.
Truly, said she, may Heaven reward you.
And here you may have plenty of arms.
Lo, I hear the tumult of the men approaching.
So she armed him fully, and that right cheerfully.
Hast thou finished arming the youth, said he.
I likewise have finished, said Gwydion.
Here is the army around the house.
Oh, lady, there is here no army.
Oh, cried she, Whence then was this tumult?
A wife shall he have notwithstanding.
{98b} Lord, said he, what Cantrev is that?
The Cantrev of Dinodig, he answered.
Now it is called at this day Eivionydd and Ardudwy.
And she heard the sound of a horn.
So a youth went, and enquired who they were.
Then went messengers to meet him and bid him in.
Lady, said he, Heaven repay thee thy kindness.
The next day he sought to depart.
But she said, I pray thee go not from me to-day.
And that night he tarried also.
The next day Gronw sought to depart.
That night Llew Llaw Gyffes returned to his home.
What aileth thee, said he, art thou well?
I will tell thee gladly, said he.
Not easily can I be slain, except by a wound.
And I cannot be slain within a house, nor without.
I cannot be slain on horseback nor on foot.
And the next day she spoke thus.
Well, said Llew, we will go gladly to look at them.
The day after they came and looked at the bath.
Wilt thou go into the bath, lord?
Willingly will I go in, he answered.
So into the bath he went, and he anointed himself.
And thenceforth was he no more seen.
Verily, said Math, may Heaven be thy strength.
Then Gwydion set forth and began to go forward.
This will I do, right gladly, he answered.
Then the swineherd opened the sty.
And there she halted and began feeding.
And it seemed to him that the eagle was Llew.
And Gwydion sang another Englyn.
Has it not been drenched By nine score tempests?
It bears in its branches Llew Llaw Gyffes!
And the eagle came down upon Gwydion's knee.
And even now the owl is called Blodeuwedd.
And this was told unto Gronw Pebyr.
Verily, said he, is it needful for me to do thus?
There is not, verily, answered they.
Verily, said Llew, I will not refuse thee this.
Ah, said he, may Heaven reward thee.
And therefore it is even now called Llech Gronw.
And thus ends this portion of the Mabinogi.
HERE IS THE STORY OF LLUDD AND LLEVELYS.
And through this they could not be injured.
And they began to cleave the seas towards France.
And on this wise mayest thou come to know this.
Then Lludd returned back unto his land.
And he himself watched that night.
And when they had drunk the mead they slept.
And thus the fierce outcry ceased in his dominions.
And drowsiness urged him to sleep.
And I will never do the like from this time forth.
But thy faithful vassal will I be.
And the king accepted this from him.
Thy loss was not because of me.
And she went forth after him, running.
And he ran towards a river, and became a fish.
{121} Taliesin be he called, said Elphin.
Then said Gwyddno, Alas, what will he profit thee?
Let me hear what thou canst say, quoth Gwyddno.
Who had fairer or swifter horses or greyhounds?
Who had more skilful or wiser bards--than Maelgwn?
And he spake unto Elphin on this wise.
And after this Heinin spoke on this wise.
And he answered the king in verse.
how the sea whitens When first it come!
On sea, and on land, It neither sees, nor is seen.
On land and on sea, It is indispensible.
It commences its journey Above the marble rock.
It is concealed, Because sight cannot perceive it.
Right glad was Elphin, right glad was Taliesin.
{11b} While the day was still young.
A reasonable one, lord, answered he.
{29} And they summoned him to them.
{31a} Whether she persuaded or pleaded.
Let who will do so, said the son, I shall not.
Truly, my soul, said Teirnon, neither shall we go.
{36a} The Welsh is _vy'm pryder i_ (= my trouble).
{36b} If he will be of gentle bearing.
{39a} And splendid wearer of the crown of London.
{45} And I am not sure it was not there he got it.
After that the ocean separated the kingdoms.
{59b} And from that hour they could not rest.
{62b} Wilt thou follow another counsel?
{71} He furnished gilded clasps for the shoes.
{118a} Of the books of the magician.
{136} Possibly an allusion to the Cave of AEolus.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
I. ALL ADRIFT; OR, THE GOLDWING CLUB.
SQUARE AND COMPASS; OR, BUILDING THE HOUSE.
V. ALL TAUT; OR, RIGGING THE BOAT.
READY ABOUT; OR, SAILING THE BOAT.
CHAPTER I. PAGE A GROWLING PASSENGER 13 CHAPTER II.
A SHORT AND DECISIVE CONFLICT 24 CHAPTER III.
A BRILLIANT SCHEME MADE POSSIBLE 34 CHAPTER IV.
THE ROBBERY AT THE HOTEL 66 CHAPTER VII.
THE COLCHESTER CLUB CHANGES ITS NAME 87 CHAPTER IX.
THE BEGINNING OF THE CHASE 119 CHAPTER XII.
A ROUGH TIME OF IT 129 CHAPTER XIII.
SAFE UNDER A LEE 140 CHAPTER XIV.
EARLY IN THE MORNING 150 CHAPTER XV.
THE STRATEGY OF THE CHASE 161 CHAPTER XVI.
PEPPERS FINDS THE TABLES TURNED 215 CHAPTER XXI.
Another Element in the Contest 226 CHAPTER XXII.
THE GAME AMONG THE SHALLOWS 237 CHAPTER XXIII.
HEADED OFF ON BOTH SIDES 247 CHAPTER XXIV.
TERRIBLE INTELLIGENCE FROM HOME 300 CHAPTER XXIX.
CHAPTER I. A GROWLING PASSENGER.
Waiter, bring me a piece of roast beef rare.
Isn't it about time for my roast beef, waiter?
Get my roast beef first, added the next passenger.
In a minute, sir, replied Dory.
Dory did not wait to hear any more.
You haven't been to him as I told you.
The boy is not fit for a waiter.
He is the son of one of the second pilots.
Possibly it would have done no good if he had.
It was now nearly eight o'clock in the evening.
But just now he was tired, and he wanted rest.
Was the man out hunting in the dark?
Dory did not wait to hear any more.
The ex-waiter was on his feet again in an instant.
The conflict appeared to be ended.
Dory puffed like a fish out of water.
Which way are you going, young man?
I was going over to a place they call Belzer's.
The luck shall not go against you this time.
Dory began to think his companion was a lunatic.
We will talk about that when we get to Plattsburgh.
Will you tell me your name, young man?
Not a bit, and not much dinner, added Dory.
The stranger led the way to the door, and knocked.
I could do that, and only half try.
I have no money to pay my bill.
asked Mr. Hawlinshed with a smile.
I don't want anybody to pay for me, protested Dory.
Come to my room, for I want to talk with you.
It contained a trunk, a valise, and other baggage.
It is hardly worth while to argue the question.
I am very confident of what I say.
This was the point I was coming to.
I don't believe anybody else knows about it.
I don't want any money for any thing I have done.
It looked easier to Dory than at first.
I feel better now, Dory, said Mr. Hawlinshed.
To be sure I will, replied Dory warmly.
Dory considered his brilliant scheme.
Yes: is there any thing very strange about that?
Pearl Hawlinshed; and he is my son.
Is there any thing very strange about it?
asked the father, looking anxiously at Dory.
Mr. Hawlinshed manifested a great deal of emotion.
How do you know all that, Dory?
asked Mr. Hawlinshed, trying to calm himself.
Since you knew the fact, I am glad that you spoke.
You will keep the secret, Dory?
I will never hint that I ever heard your name.
I don't want you to tell any lies about it.
But I shall use the money for her benefit.
I am not going to fool it away.
I should like to keep that as my secret.
No one shall ever know where the money came from.
But he was in a very trying situation himself.
His relations with his son were unpleasant.
It was ten o'clock by this time.
He was not penniless now, as he had been before.
It would be throwing money away.
He was not so sleepy as he had been.
Stirring himself had waked him up.
People said it was the fault of the boat.
Dory looked her over very carefully.
The name of the boat was the Goldwing.
But it was no use to think of the Goldwing.
He might as well sleep there as in any other place.
It was five o'clock in the morning.
He reached his destination in about an hour.
He was about twenty-two years old.
He returned in season to attend the auction.
Dory made the second bid for the boat.
CHAPTER V. A BOAT WITH A BAD REPUTATION.
Are you buying the boat for yourself?
You may make the receipt out to me, replied Dory.
I should like to know who it is.
I said nothing of the kind, added Dory.
continued Pearl, appealing to the auctioneer.
That was all that was said about it.
What has the boat to do with the letter?
I suppose the man that wrote it gave it to me.
Then I can't tell you any thing.
But I want to connect that man with this boat.
You can connect them if you like.
None of your business whether there was or not?
I am not here to answer questions.
Pearl Hawlinshed was not disposed to leave.
You were a fool to buy her, added Pearl.
I know just what she wants to make her all right.
Dory was glad to see him move off.
Dory had already hoisted his reefed mainsail.
He got at the ballast, and arranged it to his mind.
Pearl Hawlinshed had been a wayward boy.
Where has your father gone, Pearl?
That is more than I know, replied Pearl.
But he took the boat going south this morning.
Don't you know where he has gone?
He was a young fellow about fourteen years old.
This explains the whole matter.
It is all as clear as any thing can be now.
What has all this to do with the robbery?
What has the boat to do with the money lost, Pearl?
Paid cash for the boat, did he?
I haven't heard any such news as that.
Where have you been all the morning?
It has got to be an old story by this time.
The Au Sable was run on shore, and sunk.
It wasn't even foggy last night, said Pearl.
The boat ran on to a point of rocks.
But all this is neither here nor there.
He may be the son of this pilot for aught we know.
Oh, it's all straight, you may depend upon it!
He brought me a letter from my father this morning.
It looks as though there might be something in it.
At any rate we will have the thing looked into.
The young rascal tricked me out of her.
Pearl was very sure that he would do it.
Where are the boys you brought over?
inquired Pearl, looking about the boat for them.
They are the wildest set of boys on the lake.
suggested Pearl in an indifferent sort of way.
Captain Vesey was ready to do it.
Do you know about handling such a boat as this?
I only said what I did to quiet the engineer.
She could not leave for a couple of hours.
Have you any idea who that man was, Hawlinshed?
I give it up, laughed the landlord.
No: I won't tell you any thing.
He returned to the steamboat wharf.
He hastened down the railroad to settle this point.
The boat was not going back to the wharf.
replied Dory, what do you want?
You are wanted at the hotel, replied Pearl.
THE COLCHESTER CLUB CHANGES ITS NAME.
What in the world are you doing over here, fellows?
asked Nat Long in a blustering manner.
What are you going to do with her, Dory?
Can't you take us over to Burlington in her?
I'll tell you what we'll do, fellows.
And there is a gold wing under it.
And there is a gold wing here too.
Isn't that a splendid name for a boat!
How do you think that sounds, fellows?
But we haven't looked the boat over yet.
All hands proceeded to attend to this duty at once.
You can go the last cent you've got on that.
But where did you get the forty-two dollars?
Haven't I proved that the Goldwing is mine?
She upset, and then went to the bottom.
Now, if any of you want to go on shore, you can.
Is the Goldwing in the habit of upsetting?
But we don't want to be drowned, said Thad.
How long ago was it that the man was drowned?
Was it blowing hard when he was drowned?
No: it was just a good sailing-breeze.
I think I know what the matter was with the boat.
I say, Dory, what is a lee helm?
If she had a bigger jib, it would be all right.
A boat ought to carry a weather helm.
In other words, the wind don't come steady.
To-day it comes down in heavy flaws.
The helm has to be shifted to meet this change.
asked the expounder of nautical matters.
And what do you call the other side?
The lee side, I think, answered Thad.
As she comes up into the wind, it spills the sail.
exclaimed Corny, who could hold in no longer.
I understand that first-rate, said Thad.
The flaw crowds them off from the wind.
Isn't there any thing to eat on board, Dory?
CHAPTER X. THE MISSISQUOI IN PURSUIT.
asked Thad when the boat was on her course.
There's another new word, added Corny Minkfield.
What in the world does luffing up mean?
To luff is to come into the wind.
How can that be a sheet when it is a rope?
In a boat all sheets are ropes.
I never saw him until this morning.
You are going the wrong way, Dory, said Thad.
It looks just like the Missisquoi.
Corny went with Dory to the store.
Have you seen any thing of that steamer?
She has not shown herself yet, replied Thad.
What do we care for the Missisquoi now?
exclaimed several of the club in the same breath.
She is striking in ahead of us.
I say, I want to see you, Dory Dornwood!
shouted Pearl again with all his might.
She is following us with all her might.
She wants to catch us, added Dory.
But what does she want to catch us for, Dory?
The man in the bow wanted to buy the Goldwing.
I bid over him, and got the boat.
We won't say any thing more about that matter.
didn't she roll coming over from Burlington?
I thought she was going to roll clear over.
Did you ever steer a sailboat, Corny?
If she draws six, so much the better, added Dory.
Hold on all, and don't ask any more questions!
But I don't know how, pleaded Corny.
This is the jib-sheet, fast to this cleat.
When I shift the helm, the jib will shake.
I shall do the same with the main-sheet.
said Dory, as he did the same by the main-sheet.
exclaimed Dory with enthusiasm.
She took the wind over her port quarter.
I don't know about this, said Thad.
Are you going across the lake now, Dory?
We are bound for Burlington, aren't we?
Didn't you want me to take you home?
But she is working beautifully.
Shall we haul the thing through that hole?
Make the line fast to the cleat, as you found it.
You will learn all about it by and by.
I think you will know it as well as I do, Dory.
What's the use of keeping this thing up?
I couldn't help that, answered Dory.
I don't want to go ashore, said Nat Long.
He believed that she was entirely safe.
The schooner passed out into the open lake.
She has stopped, that's a fact, added Thad.
How do you know she is aground, Dory?
Do you mean to say that you did it, Dory?
asked Thad, still pumping away with all his might.
I don't mean to say that I got the steamer aground.
I have got about enough of this thing, said Thad.
One hand needn't do all the hard work.
Well, what are you going to do about it?
Can't we turn about and go back?
Do you see those cleats on the mainmast, Thad?
I don't know what cleats are, answered Thad.
Those brass things, with ropes around them.
What are you going to do, Dory?
I am going to take in the mainsail.
shouted the skipper as the boat swept around.
Look out for the sail, all of you!
But Dory continued to luff until it was released.
Dory let her off again under the jib alone.
This proved to be a decided change for the better.
Now we are all right, said Dory.
We shall be in smooth water in ten minutes more.
At least a dozen miles, said the skipper.
Are we going right along to Burlington, Dory?
I think not at present, replied Dory.
But you have been through this once before to-day.
Do you see any thing of the Missisquoi?
I can just see her at the south of the island.
I didn't expect any thing of the kind.
By eight o'clock all hands were fast asleep.
When he woke in the morning, it was after sunrise.
The rest of the club were still fast asleep.
The set of the foresail pleased him equally well.
He was looking ahead, and dreaming of the future.
She had got out of that scrape.
She looked just like his late pursuer.
He looked the boat over very carefully.
But he was confident that it was the Missisquoi.
Whatever his motive, Dory did not want to see him.
In that time he could make a mile.
Don't disturb me, please, but call the fellows.
He was about abreast of Stave Island now.
So have you, Dory, replied Corny.
We all thought you had the blues.
We may enjoy the fun if we know something about it.
He seemed to know about the reef, and sheered off.
What is she going to do next, Dory?
Dory had headed the Goldwing to the east.
I think we can keep her moving, replied Dory.
We can play this game as long as she can.
We have got enough to eat to last us all day.
I think we shall have some variety in this thing.
She has got enough of that, said Thad.
I don't believe she will keep it up much longer.
What's the reason it isn't ended?
Is that the way to Plattsburgh, Corny?
She is beginning to play her game now.
What do you think she means to do, Dory?
Very likely Captain Vesey knows his way among them.
Are you going to run for Burlington, Dory?
But she is not coming down this way.
How do you know she isn't, Dory Dornwood?
I think she has got her course now.
She is in a hurry now, said the skipper, laughing.
She is going to do a big thing now, added Thad.
She is going to catch us, sure.
What are you going to do now, Dory?
She is going to catch us this time.
She isn't going to catch us on this tack.
That is just what she has done, added the skipper.
What has she stopped there for?
In plain English, she is aground.
The lake is thirteen miles wide on just this line.
Were you going up Mallett's Bay?
Will the steamer get off the bottom?
We won't be in a hurry about it, said Dory.
The steamer seems to stick hard.
I want to see you about that money, added Pearl.
You know what money as well as I do!
roared Pearl with a string of oaths.
Stole the money to buy the boat!
Nat Long and Dick Short said nothing.
His heart was swelling with emotion.
Pearl evidently had something against him.
Was Pearl a constable or a police-officer?
He did not mean to put his head into any trap.
What do you want to know, Corny?
That is all I can say about the case.
said Dory, looking his accuser squarely in the eye.
I don't see how I can believe any thing else.
I don't want to believe such a thing of you, Dory.
We don't know any thing about that fellow.
Yes, if he wanted to get this boat, replied Thad.
I don't want any fight over it.
The skipper put the helm up, and gybed the boat.
demanded Corny when Thad had resumed his seat.
Corny looked more disgusted than ever.
DORY DORNWOOD DECIDES TO FACE THE MUSIC.
I'm not going back to Plattsburgh!
asked Dory in the gentlest of tones.
I am going back to Burlington, answered Corny.
Thad laughed, and Nat and Dick smiled.
I must go to Plattsburgh, and face the music.
Is that the way a thief does it?
That isn't the way a thief does it.
You might as well put me ashore on Stave Island.
I want to go back to Burlington.
The Missisquoi is hard and fast aground.
I may be in Plattsburgh before he is.
Pearl was plainly disgusted with the situation.
Take me on board, shouted Pearl.
I don't want you, answered Dory.
For the present the excitement was ended.
After the meal some of them went to sleep.
Before he had finished, Corny went off alone.
continued the man who did the talking.
There was a little steamer here in the forenoon.
A man went off in her to look up this boat.
Have you seen any thing of the steamer?
Can you tell me any thing about the matter, sir?
This is Mr. Moody, the man that lost the money.
Theodore Dornwood is my name, but I am called Dory.
asked Dory, as they walked up the wharf.
Have you any five-dollar bills?
The rest of the money is in tens.
Peppers passed them to Moody at once.
Then you don't want to send me to jail?
The next man we want to see is Hawlinshed.
You say he is aground somewhere in the steamer.
DORY LOCKS HIS PASSENGERS INTO THE CABIN.
And this sum was to be made with the Goldwing.
He knows just where the bottom is in every place.
I think he does, replied Dory, laughing.
I know he found it yesterday and to-day.
He explained and illustrated the lee-helm business.
That is the way I know the bills when I see them.
We have got to the southward of Stave Island now.
Can they see us on board of that steamer, Dory?
asked the detective, without heeding the question.
What are you going to arrest him for?
exclaimed the detective desperately.
What is all this for, Mr. Peppers?
Fix up a plan to get Pearl into this boat.
Now, how are we to get Pearl into this boat?
Don't you be alarmed about that, Dory.
Come alongside, and take me on board!
I will come back in a couple of hours or so.
And five dollars you owe me, added Captain Vesey.
You owe us the money, and you must pay it.
You haven't done what I agreed to pay you for.
You will catch me first, won't you?
Don't carry him off, Dory, added Captain Vesey.
said Pearl in threatening tones.
When he had done this, he seated himself again.
asked he, as he pulled several times at the doors.
I wish you would come aft, Mr. Hawlinshed.
asked Pearl in an indifferent tone.
Of course I have the key, replied Dory.
I will fix a nice bed for you on that seat.
The situation began to look very serious.
But Pearl was watching him as a cat eyes a mouse.
Do you know what boat that is, Mr. Hawlinshed?
Are you afraid of her, Mr. Hawlinshed?
She looks peaceful enough, added Dory.
Dory saw that it was no use to wait any longer.
Finally he let go the jib-sheet, and it ran out.
He looked at the blinds in the cabin-doors.
When he saw it he laid hold of it.
demanded Pearl, rising from his seat.
What's going on out there, Dory?
Why don't you unlock the door, Dory?
What does this mean, Hawlinshed?
Well, it means any thing you please, Peppers.
No: I think I won't, replied Pearl.
The officer said no more for several minutes.
We may be able to come to an understanding.
I don't object to talking it over.
Then I guess I won't open the door, laughed Pearl.
I can't do any thing till you let me out.
Do you mean to keep us in here all day, Hawlinshed?
You did that very well, Peppers.
I haven't any such thing about me.
It might hurt me, said Pearl with a laugh.
By the way, who is the other fellow?
ANOTHER ELEMENT IN THE CONTEST.
Is there any thing in sight, Dory?
There is a steamer coming towards the Head.
Do you know what steamer it is?
The steamer is the Sylph, added Pearl.
I thought it was the Sylph, said Dory.
Can't you hail her if she comes near us?
demanded Peppers in a disgusted tone of voice.
Somewhere up in Canada, I guess, replied Pearl.
Then you intend to take us into Canada, Hawlinshed?
Yes: unless we can make some better arrangement.
asked Peppers rather anxiously.
We should be apt to make it warm for you.
But how can we fix this matter?
It don't strike me at all, protested Dory.
I suppose you came over after me.
I can wait till we see this thing through.
asked the officer half an hour later.
I have no doubt she is following us, replied Dory.
Do you know of any reason why she should follow us?
asked the skipper, trying to conceal his anxiety.
Do you know Captain Gildrock, her owner?
exclaimed Pearl, apparently startled at the reply.
I mean to say it, and I do say it.
The skipper ran the Goldwing close to the point.
The skipper became more and more nervous.
How deep is the water ahead, Dory Dornwood?
I won't do any thing to help you as things are now.
Her pilot knew how deep the water was on the shoal.
The steamer then went through the channel.
The Sylph stopped her propeller again.
He had to drop the centre-board, and beat back.
He did not point it out, or even hint at it.
Is Theodore Dornwood on board of that boat?
shouted the man with the gruff voice.
exclaimed the skipper savagely.
This is better than a game of checkers.
To Dory it was getting rather monotonous.
I hope she will have a good time doing this thing.
The Sylph went through the Western Cut again.
I couldn't have put her in a better place myself.
He came about, and stood to the north-west.
Dory kept his eye on the Sylph.
What is she doing, Dory Dornwood?
The steamer is getting out her boats, replied Dory.
There are five men in each of them, continued Dory.
replied Pearl in a surly tone: what do you want?
Is Theodore Dornwood on board of your boat?
If you want him, you can have him.
We want to see Theodore Dornwood.
I can't sail dead to windward, replied Pearl.
You needn't sail at all, replied the officer.
Dory was startled by these words.
What could his uncle want of him?
Dory dropped down upon the seat again.
His mother was not sick or dead.
Yes, with the greatest pleasure, replied Pearl.
Dory saw that something must be done very soon.
What is to become of my boat if I go ashore?
Where shall I be likely to find her?
Perhaps I shall find her there, added Dory.
You must jump into the water, and wade ashore.
Come down this instant, you young villain!
He looked at the approaching boats.
Give way, my lads, with all your might!
Are you coming down, Dory Dornwood?
Dory descended with the utmost caution.
asked the officer as he came on board.
There he is, on the forward deck, replied Pearl.
You can take him with you as quick as you please.
I don't want any thing more of him.
What in the world is going on aboard this boat?
I thought you wanted Dory Dornwood.
THROUGH VARIED STRIFE AND STRUGGLES.
He was dressed in the uniform of his yacht.
What's going on here, Mr. Jepson?
But I didn't lock them in there, added Pearl.
asked the captain, turning to Pearl.
Which boat shall I put the boy into?
The boy did not take kindly to this proceeding.
I don't think he owns her any more than I do.
I am not disposed to interfere in this business.
He was considering what he should do.
Peppers thought it was a plain case.
Mr. Hawlinshed, will you unlock those doors?
I don't deal in quibbles, Mr. Hawlinshed.
Will you open the doors of that cuddy?
It struck the water about fifty feet from the boat.
Give way, he added to the two after oarsmen.
He made no reply to the remark of the detective.
No, sir: I have not, and he has not been arrested.
Then Theodore was charged with the robbery?
I found Moody, and he frankly told the facts.
I guess that scoundrel saw me put it there.
I wanted to see the money the boy had paid.
I am glad to hear that, added Captain Gildrock.
I don't know where he got it, Peppers proceeded.
I have not the remotest idea, Captain Gildrock.
Both of them came from Hawlinshed.
And Peppers handed him the bank-notes.
It will be an easy matter to identify these bills.
Do you think we shall have a storm, sir?
Dory made no reply to this intimation.
I can't leave the boat here, sir.
Come about, and run her on the beach.
Dory thought his chances were very good.
The two craft were rapidly approaching each other.
He was not afraid that his uncle would hurt him.
repeated the officer of the starboard boat.
His programme for avoiding the Sylph was made out.
But he did not want his uncle to assist him.
He had two miles the start of her.
He was not sure that the Goldwing could stand it.
DORY MAKES A HARBOR FOR THE NIGHT.
An eighth of a mile west of it was a small island.
All he had to do was to watch and wait.
The steamer was really going around the islands.
Presently he saw some white lights moving about.
He watched the lanterns for twenty minutes or more.
About this time it began to rain.
He did not like the feeling of it.
A little later he saw the green light.
Both were in sight at the same time.
The steamer, therefore, was coming towards him.
He hastened back to the boat, and waded off to her.
After a while he saw the two lights of the steamer.
She was moving very slowly to the northward.
The green light disappeared as she came nearer.
He reported to the landlord at the Witherill House.
You had a rough time of it with Hawlinshed.
Have you been to breakfast, Dory?
Yes, sir: I had some ham and hard-bread.
It is nine o'clock now, and you will be late.
asked Dory, with his heart in his throat.
inquired the landlord, almost holding his breath.
And I did not even know that he was sick!
He had not been in her house since she was married.
He could not eat all the basket contained.
Dory was almost paralyzed as he read the piece.
The pilot was ruined by the catastrophe.
They went back to the desolate home.
Your uncle Royal and your father could never agree.
Dory was both astonished and mortified.
Did Corny Minkfield bring that story over here?
No: your uncle heard it over at Plattsburgh.
I can't tell when I promised not to tell, added he.
With a part of this I bought the Goldwing.
Then Corny Minkfield told him that I was a thief.
But my uncle heard it all, said Dory.
No one knows to this minute where you did get it.
He wants to do something for you.
I don't want him to do any thing for me.
The old feeling was all wrong, my son.
It was from the proprietor of the Witherill House.
exclaimed the young boatman triumphantly.
What's the use of being dependent upon uncle Royal?
Dory regarded his fortune as made.
The young skipper explained it all.
He objected to it in the most decided manner.
Many people who indulge in boating are fast livers.
I think I can take care of myself.
Has the scheme any thing to do with me?
asked Dory, his curiosity awakened by the remark.
Some promises are better broken than kept.
After dinner Dory went on board of the Goldwing.
In a few minutes they were sailing down the lake.
asked Dory, who had never heard the name before.
Don't you know the name of your uncle's place?
He has got something in his head, added Thad.
You ought to have heard him talk then!
It is Pearl Hawlinshed's father.
On the other side of the wharf was the Sylph.
He wanted to buy the boat I have, said Dory.
I think boating has been the ruin of him.
She is worth ten times what I paid for her.
Is that your uncle on board of the steamer?
I am happy now, added Mrs. Dornwood.
That money had worried me ever since I heard of it.
exclaimed Captain Gildrock, looking at Dory.
Dory felt very uneasy during this conversation.
Mr. Hawlinshed went back to his hotel.
Dory slept on board of the Goldwing that night.
The next morning he started with his passengers.
They remained in Mallett's Bay all the first day.
The second day was like the first.
There was no more business that week.
It was a fishing-party to Mallett's Bay.
What does uncle Royal want me to do, mother?
A mechanic, Patty, added the captain decidedly.
I have been thinking of this subject for years.
Now I am going to tell you about my scheme.
Now I will tell you about my scheme.
All of them have served a term in the galley.
I suppose some of them will be sailors.
Two of them will run stationary engines.
Won't they go in the Sylph any more?
I should like to ship for one, added Dory.
I shall take only half a dozen to begin with.
I won't take them on any other terms.
I have seen the parents of some of them.
You needn't sell her, Theodore.
He had not succeeded very well.
Royal Octavo, 7 x 9-1/2 inches.
Royal Octavo, of which new editions are now ready.
LEE AND SHEPARD, Publishers, Boston.
Royal Octavo, 7 x 9-1/2 inches.
A new edition of which is now ready.
LEE AND SHEPARD, Publishers, Boston.
By RICHARD SOULE and LOOMIS J. CAMPBELL.
* * * * * HANDBOOK OF ENGLISH SYNONYMS.
* * * * * HANDBOOK OF CONVERSATION.
Compiled by ANDREW P. PEABODY, D.D., LL.D.
Comprising: 1. Dr. Peabody's Lecture.
By BENJAMIN DREW, Proof-reader.
* * * * * HANDBOOK OF LIGHT GYMNASTICS.
* * * * * PRACTICAL BOAT-SAILING.
With numerous diagrams and illustrations.
* * * * * SHORT STUDIES OF AMERICAN AUTHORS.
* * * * * HANDBOOK OF WOOD ENGRAVING.
By WILLIAM A. EMERSON, Wood Engraver.
* * * * * AN AMERICAN GIRL ABROAD.
* * * * * VOYAGE OF THE PAPER CANOE.
* * * * * FOUR MONTHS IN A SNEAK-BOX.
With numerous maps and illustrations.
* * * * * CAMPS IN THE CARIBBEES.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
His automobile was at the door.
And within five minutes he was there.
His secretary met him in the hall.
Quite correct, commented the ambassador.
He bowed low, and closed the door.
Please pardon my delay in coming to you.
It would at least have saved a little time.
No, Madam, not for another hour, perhaps.
Then there's no harm done, she went on lightly.
She regarded him with an enigmatic smile.
You see what I ask now is simple.
I have been here less than one hour.
Now do you see the necessity of it?
Knowing this, the ambassador still hesitated.
I am at your service, Madam, he repeated.
You know, really, I have no name.
I understand perfectly, Madam, responded the count.
That will do very nicely, don't you think?
There will be a delay of a few minutes.
He opened the door and went out.
Everything is arranged, Miss Thorne, he announced.
I'll go alone, please, she answered after a moment.
The ambassador bowed himself out.
And so Miss Isabel Thorne came to Washington!
It was in the Secret Service code.
Profound secrecy enjoined and preserved.
I learned of it by underground.
Yes, Mr. Campbell of the Secret Service.
But if their forces are combined?
You will see to that, Mr. Grimm.
Very well, the young man agreed carelessly.
He languidly drew on his gloves.
Of course, Mr. Grimm acquiesced.
And he would avoid the big hotels.
And the name, D'Abruzzi, he remarked, after a time.
What does it mean to you, Mr. Grimm?
He perused the page carelessly.
She's my guest at the legation.
demanded the senorita banteringly.
I beg your pardon, he apologized contritely.
Senorita Rodriguez jumped, then laughed nervously.
Mr. Grimm glanced back languidly.
Mr. Grimm knew him only by sight.
S--t--5--u--t, Mr. Grimm read in Morse.
Mr. Grimm was still spelling it out.
Miss Thorne asked in a low tone.
Frankly, I can't say, was the reply.
Please have me sent to the ladies dressing-room.
I understand, he replied quietly.
An ice--here, Mr. Grimm directed tersely.
You know the Continental--I don't.
That, he explained, is Y in the Continental code.
It went on: d55f bfing 5vef when g g5es.
commented Mr. Grimm ambiguously.
Mr. Grimm's teeth closed with a little snap.
The servant pondered a moment, then shook his head.
of a revolver, somewhere off to his left.
The orchestra started again tremulously.
This way, directed the chief tersely.
Mr. Grimm walked along beside him.
Chief Campbell pushed it open, and entered.
One of his men stood just inside.
We found him lying in the hall here.
It's a clean wound, the physician was explaining.
Just a moment, Mr. Grimm advised quietly.
I'm only going to let you see if it is here.
At the last Senor Alvarez closed his eyes again.
None of your business, came the curt answer.
He met a maid-servant at the door, coming in.
A lady, sir--a lady-- she began babblingly.
The maid stared at him with mouth agape.
She drew a deep breath and stopped.
When he spoke again his voice was quite calm.
Yes, sir, that's the name--Miss Thorne.
He might have been waiting for a car.
Yes, just a moment or so ago, replied the stranger.
She got into an automobile at the corner.
I picked it up immediately after she passed.
Did you see a man come out the door?
But by that time Mr. Grimm was turning the corner.
We have no knowledge of her beyond this.
I don't know, replied Mr. Grimm frankly.
I don't know, he repeated musingly.
I shall not forget him, Mr. Grimm answered.
There was silence for a long time.
Let's suppose a case, suggested Mr. Grimm blandly.
No one, particularly, Mr. Grimm assured him easily.
I can't answer a question so ridiculous as that.
Yes, said the ambassador flatly.
A liveried servant opened the door.
A gentleman rose and bowed gravely.
She smiled graciously and motioned him to a seat.
Mr. Grimm regarded her reflectively.
In that event I may speak with perfect frankness?
You may be frank, of course, she said pleasantly.
Miss Thorne nodded, as if in wonder.
It might have been a sigh of relief.
Why do you come to me with such a query?
I beg your pardon, interposed Mr. Grimm steadily.
He paused a moment; she nodded.
His questioning took a different line.
I picked it up in the hallway, she repeated.
I saw it lying there and picked it up.
Why that, instead of giving an alarm?
She smiled, and inclined her head.
I understand, she said pleasantly.
She was pleading, eager to convince him.
After a while Mr. Grimm nodded.
She studied his face with hopeful eyes.
I don't know, she replied frankly.
exclaimed Miss Thorne in mock astonishment.
And the man who read that message?
She, too, rose, and faced him quietly.
I have read it; it is not what I expected.
Pietro Petrozinni, was the ready reply.
As I say, I accept all responsibility.
I mean reports from our foreign agents?
His chief nodded, understandingly.
The wheels spun and the car leaped forward.
Outwardly the place seemed to be deserted.
It appeared to be a wireless mast.
the little man queried eagerly in Italian.
It will be, I hope, within the next two weeks.
How will I know when the date is fixed?
It would not be well to write me here.
The feverish glitter in his eyes deepened.
No, not in a fog, he put in quickly.
And all your plans are working out well?
Then, with an effort: And his Highness?
We don't know, yet, what they will do.
He indicated the long, littered work-table.
They will see it, Luigi, said Miss Thorne gently.
It's such a dreary old place here.
Yes, I am quite comfortable, he added.
They were both silent for a time.
exclaimed the man triumphantly.
There is always danger, always danger!
I understand, said the man simply.
There should be a third man, Johnson.
Would you like a book of any kind?
Or some delicacy sent in from a restaurant?
Can I be of any service to you in any way?
If I can please drop me a line.
mused Miss Thorne, and she smiled a little.
He also climbed in, and the car moved slowly away.
Absolutely, replied Hastings without hesitation.
IX FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS Mr. Campbell was talking.
Senor Rodriguez stared at him blankly.
_Si, Senor_, he agreed absently.
And then, in English: Yes, I should imagine so.
Well, was all of it stolen, or only a part of it?
exclaimed the diplomatist with sudden violence.
Senor Rodriguez repeated excitedly.
Who else knows the combination of the safe?
No one, Senor--not a living soul.
Some servant--some member of your family?
Mr. Grimm's lips silently repeated the words.
But you have stated one thing in error.
Senor Rodriguez drew a deep breath of relief.
Also four servants--two men and two women.
Now, suppose we take a look at the safe?
The door opened, and Miss Thorne entered.
I did not know you were engaged.
_Si, Senorita_, replied Senor Rodriguez gallantly.
She smiled at him tauntingly and lowered her lids.
_Mil gracias, Senor_, she thanked him.
The safe, please, Mr. Grimm reminded him.
Senor Rodriguez used it as a private office.
Not a soul, Senor, was the reply.
Mr. Grimm went over and examined the windows.
I have not touched them to-day.
Instead, he sat down upon the floor again.
_Si, Senor_, the diplomatist agreed.
Nothing of monetary value, the senor explained.
There were only nine packets--they are there yet.
They were all unsealed save the last.
This one's sealed, commented Mr. Grimm.
he exclaimed, let me see, Senor.
I had not thought of it before.
He scrutinized the sealed packet closely.
You mean Miss Thorne's handkerchief?
He paused and regarded Mr. Grimm keenly.
Senor, what am I to understand from that question?
It was plain enough, replied Mr. Grimm.
Where did you find that handkerchief?
There was silence for an instant.
Yes, replied Senor Rodriguez at last.
Yes, came the slow reply, again.
Senor Rodriguez stared at him a long time.
I don't know, he said, at last.
You understand that better than I can tell you.
You must find the gold, Senor, he said.
No matter who may be--who may suffer?
Very well, commented Mr. Grimm, without moving.
A moment later Senor Diaz appeared.
He remained with Mr. Grimm for just eight minutes.
Mr. Grimm stared at it curiously for a long time.
There's no doubt whatever about it?
It's of no consequence, interrupted Mr. Grimm.
The door opened and closed, and he was gone.
Thirty-five minutes later the lock clicked.
Miss Thorne sat motionless, waiting.
No reason appears why you should have taken it.
That's a matter of opinion, Mr. Grimm remarked.
She spread out the handkerchief on her knees.
You could identify this again, of course?
No, replied Mr. Grimm gravely, decisively.
She started to interrupt; he went on.
You must prove it, continued Mr. Grimm mercilessly.
It would, Mr. Grimm responded without hesitation.
Even if it destroyed a reputation?
and there was a note of eagerness in her voice.
Miss Thorne sat silent for a block or more.
It's a girl high in diplomatic society.
She closed the door and turned on the lights.
The Venezuelan legation, she answered.
Senorita Rodriguez--my hostess!
Don't you see what you've made me do?
He knows nothing of it, she added.
She extended both hands impetuously, entreatingly.
C'est--_ Monsieur Rigolot began excitedly.
That is also true, as far as I know.
There were only four letters for him personally.
He left them all on his desk--here they are.
Mr. Grimm looked them over leisurely.
No doubt of it being his signature?
The letters were not of a private nature.
If you would care to look at copies of them?
He offered the duplicates tentatively.
He keeps them in a case on his dressing-table.
Nothing, Monsieur--that is, nothing we can find.
Very well, commented Mr. Grimm.
Meanwhile you may reassure madame.
I shall call at the embassy this afternoon.
No, it isn't advisable to go with you now.
Give me your latch-key, please.
The young man's teeth closed with a snap.
And he sat down to read the reports.
Minute after minute passed, and still nothing.
Good morning, Miss Thorne, he corrected gravely.
Then the lights blazed brilliantly again.
And to whom, may I ask, was this demand addressed?
To Madame Boissegur, replied Miss Thorne.
I have the envelope in which it came.
We have been friends that long.
And why, he asked slowly, are you here now?
I knew you were here, of course.
You knew I was here, repeated Mr. Grimm musingly.
But we don't know _why_ you are here.
He received no answer; he expected none.
You don't mean that you suspect--?
she began in a tone of amazement.
I mean merely that you haven't convinced me.
We will suppose that much, Mr. Grimm agreed.
That is a statement of fact, Miss Thorne added.
You were not there, and I left a card for you.
And _that_ is a statement of fact.
And how did you enter the embassy?
Not with a latch-key, as you did, she replied.
There was a certain growing deference in his tone.
Yes, yes, Miss Thorne interpolated.
And the circumstances attending the disappearance?
promptly suggested Miss Thorne.
There seems no doubt that was the way, she mused.
The noise was unmistakable--some one was running.
Miss Thorne whispered thrillingly.
If he could only find the switch!
But fate seemed to be against him still.
From outside he heard the clatter of a cab.
Finally that died away in the distance.
I'm here, she answered in a despairing voice.
Mr. Grimm was sitting thoughtfully on the floor.
The crash of glass had aroused him.
We don't know just yet, replied Mr. Grimm.
Do you imagine I came in here blindly?
Yes, Monsieur, the ambassador burst out suddenly.
His eyes were fixed unwaveringly on Miss Thorne.
He took the steps going up, two at a time.
He struck me, but I'm--I'm not hurt.
It doesn't matter, he said quietly.
Perfectly safe, responded Mr. Grimm.
His eyes questioned hers quickly.
Mr. Grimm is the man to be afraid of.
Yes, I sent a code message, he replied.
I may add that it will not be sent.
Mademoiselle, what am I to understand from that?
Within a week the compact will be signed.
He has been here for some time, incognito.
I haven't seen him for a half dozen years.
One never hears of half of them.
Isn't that the royal family of Italy?
And Italy is the place to drive them.
No, but I expect to be every day, was the reply.
Mr. Grimm was still gazing at the photograph.
There's no fun motoring alone, you know.
Senorita Rodriguez was with me.
Not at all, thanks to you, was the reply.
The ambassador bowed ceremoniously and moved away.
Mr. Grimm dropped into the seat he had just left.
You've left the legation, haven't you?
So I have moved to the Hotel Hilliard.
I'm glad you do, he replied seriously.
How long do you intend to remain in the city?
Senorita Rodriguez came toward them.
I hate to take her away, Mr. Grimm.
Mr. Grimm and Miss Thorne rose together.
He had abruptly declined a suggestion of counsel.
He is still in a critical condition.
The answer was always the same.
The prisoner stopped him with a quick gesture.
Oh, Guard, may I have a glass of milk, please?
Drop me a line to let me know you received this.
After a time the guard returned with the milk.
suggested the signor and he smiled a little.
Believe me, I would prefer to get them for myself.
Respectfully, Pietro Petrozinni.
Be good enough to post that, please, he requested.
If so, read it, or have it read, then seal it.
The guileless blue eyes were alive with eagerness.
Mr. Grimm repeated as if surprised at the question.
It's like this, Mr. Grimm elucidated.
There was silence for a long time.
repeated Mr. Campbell musingly.
Use your own judgment, Mr. Grimm, he directed.
You have come to demand his release, eh?
How did you pass the outside guard?
He was bribed, was the ready response.
Oh, that isn't loaded, said the masked man quietly.
That wire has been cut, the stranger volunteered.
And that wire was cut, too, the stranger explained.
Then I shall take him, was the reply.
His tone was a perfectly normal one.
These are four inner guards and the outer guard.
demanded the bewildered warden.
Now, if you'll sit down, please!
They passed through, closing the door behind them.
Signor Petrozinni paused, amazed.
The house is guarded by a dozen men.
The sneer was still playing about his mouth.
Anything else of special interest that you know?
Yes, of interest to both you and Miss Thorne.
Again there was silence for a little while.
Well, what is the meaning of all this?
We must catch a train at one o'clock.
One-half hour, said Mr. Grimm coldly.
One-half hour, repeated Mr. Grimm.
I can't sign compacts in prison.
Twenty-five minutes, replied Mr. Grimm quietly.
I know that, said Mr. Grimm placidly.
Mr. Grimm appeared at his elbow.
Can't I send a telegram if I like?
The prince glared at him angrily.
She's decided it is unnecessary.
It was passed over without comment.
she replied, with a slight smile.
And is it too early to ask where we are going?
The prince turned quickly at the question.
Meanwhile let's get some coffee and a bite to eat.
Are you going to make the trip with us?
Mr. Grimm shrugged his shoulders.
It was a destructive thing that you intended to do.
Did you ever see a more marvelous thing than that?
and he indicated the sky-line of New York.
She raised her eyebrows, but was silent.
That is an unjust way of saying it, she interposed.
I didn't mean that, Mr. Grimm said quickly.
And I have done my duty as I saw it.
I wonder if you will ever forgive me for--for--?
But I wish it could have been otherwise.
We _will_ meet again, she said gravely.
When and where I don't know, but it will come.
And perhaps then we may be friends?
Why, we are friends now, aren't we?
Surely we are friends, aren't we?
We are, he declared positively.
Good-by, till we meet once more.
The prince joined Miss Thorne at the rail.
The scowl was still on his face.
He's a wonderful man, she replied.
Miss Thorne turned flatly and faced him.
We are not beaten yet, she said slowly.
If all things go well we--we are not beaten yet.
Hesitation or evasion had never occurred to him.
It was a thing to be done, and he did it.
And wondering, he knew that she _did_ understand.
Mr. Grimm was still staring out the window.
I beg pardon, insisted the new-comer pleasantly.
Aroused by the remark, Mr. Grimm glanced around.
Oh, thank you, he apologized hastily.
asked the head waiter anxiously.
Nothing serious, I fancy, he answered shortly.
He's subject to these little attacks.
Waiter, hadn't you better send for a physician?
I'm a physician, the stranger put in impatiently.
And finally came an overwhelming sense of silence.
That thought opened new fields of conjecture.
And why had the drug been administered?
And so for a long time he lay, listening.
Was there another person in the room?
His hands grew still; his eyes closed.
Was it to be a knife thrust in the dark?
She _had_ understood, that day!
That was beside the question at the moment.
The tail lamp of an automobile, of course!
That's the place, where the lights are--just ahead.
Mr. Grimm kissed the note twice, then burned it.
There were twelve of them, eleven men and a woman.
It means all of that, and more.
He replaced the spheroid on the table.
But its chief value is not in that, he resumed.
Another word, and I have finished.
Four of the eleven men looked at their watches.
It is now seventeen minutes past two.
That is beside the question, was the reply.
Be good enough to give me that document.
There is a lamp in front of you.
Prince d'Abruzzi broke the silence.
He seemed perfectly calm and self-possessed.
And how did you escape from--from the other place?
Mr. Grimm shrugged his shoulders.
The lamp is in front of you, he said.
Again Mr. Grimm shrugged his shoulders.
His gaze settled on Miss Thorne and lingered there.
The details of your percussion cap are interesting.
It seems that I am barely in time.
I will not, was the steady response.
Your silence would be worth--just how much?
Mr. Grimm's face turned red, then white again.
She stared coldly into the prince's eyes.
And we are not assassins here, she added.
But there is only one thing to do, Miss Thorne.
I merely wanted to understand it.
I can account for six of you, if there is a rush.
burst from one of the cowled figures.
You think he will weaken; I know he will not.
A quick change came over Miss Thorne's face.
The compact will be destroyed, she said.
For a minute or more Isabel stood watching him.
Do we understand that you want to see the compact?
Miss Thorne, is that the compact?
That is all, gentlemen, he announced courteously.
The prince and Miss Thorne waited until the last.
It is now four minutes of three.
There's a man locked in the coal-bin!
There had been no interruption.
You were in very grave personal danger?
It was of no consequence, said Mr. Grimm simply.
I am not certain--no, replied Mr. Grimm promptly.
That would have been murder, he remarked.
It seemed to me the only thing that could happen.
It's too late now, Mr. Grimm explained.
The secretary's lips curled down in disapproval.
But the circumstances were unusual.
Mr. Grimm glanced at his chief, who nodded.
And that means that Germany was--!
Are they still in this country?
That I don't know, replied Mr. Grimm.
It happens that it entered into this.
There was a long, thoughtful silence.
It is merely that our paths of duty cross.
Coming down to the facts it's like this, isn't it?
He looked straight at Mr. Grimm, who nodded.
That's a question, answered Mr. Grimm.
She is the pivot around which the intrigue moved.
Mr. Grimm received the blow without a tremor.
What do you say to withdrawing?
I am at your orders, Mr. President, was the reply.
Perhaps even to one--to a woman whom he might love?
The president met him with outstretched hand.
You will rely upon your own judgment entirely.
Thank you, said Mr. Grimm quietly.
he queried of a boy in attendance.
This note, Mr. Grimm, is surprising, he remarked.
Do you think the deal can be made?
I shall have to put it to my client, of course.
Certainly, and Mr. Grimm rose obligingly.
Shall I wait outside here or call again?
You may wait if you don't mind, said Mr. Howard.
Mr. Grimm bowed and passed out.
I can't do anything with him, he declared savagely.
Mr. Grimm had risen; he bowed courteously.
The door opened and closed; he was gone.
What number was Mr. Howard talking to?
One of them was Blair, and the other Hastings.
Take this man in charge, he directed.
Outwardly the place seemed to be deserted.
Mr. Grimm noted these things as he came along.
In them he saw anxiety, apprehension, fear even.
_How_ did you know I was coming?
Suddenly his whole manner changed.
I should like to see the--the inventor?
May I see the inventor, please?
You have my word of honor, she said quite simply.
Mr. Grimm's teeth closed with a snap.
I don't want that--from you, he declared.
But if I should tell it all to you?
The listless eyes were blazing into her own now.
_I_ have never been disappointed in you.
Miss Thorne repeated, and her lips curled sadly.
Mr. Grimm's lips formed the word silently.
There are many things that you don't understand.
And you remember where I first met you?
I surmised that much, remarked Mr. Grimm.
You knew him, of course; I didn't.
I had no intention of keeping the money.
Only a suspicion, Mr. Grimm corrected.
All the rest of it you know, she concluded wearily.
We were afraid of you, Mr. Grimm.
She rose and extended both hands graciously.
I shall ask a favor of you now, she went on gently.
You must--you must, she urged gently.
The compact has failed; you did that.
The agents have scattered--gone to other duties.
It's more than all that, he said.
That condition is you--your safety.
Then, won't you go for--for my sake?
No. Isabel dropped upon her knees before him.
Please open the door, he requested quietly.
And I love you--that's why it matters so.
She lay near the chair, a little crumpled heap.
Is this the county constable's office?
Please send some of your men over to take charge.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
The replaced older file is renamed.
Project Gutenberg's Atlantic Monthly, Vol.
A MAGAZINE OF LITERATURE, ART, AND POLITICS.
I was at that time a schoolboy in Paris.
There seemed to them but one road to advancement.
What a host of admirers crowded around him!
He had become familiar with reverses.
They talked it, and wrote it, and sang it.
They would like to see who could stop them!
And now the time had come, and the man.
Men, horses, arms, equipage, all were wanting.
[To be continued.] MY JOURNAL TO MY COUSIN MARY.
I had seldom heard Lina speak of her.
Alice quickly answered, No, thank you.
The subject will make Walter blind to faults.
I only want to scare Walter a bit.
But, Alice, you don't know the circumstances.
The writer of it was out of sight and hearing.
She was thinking intently, in perfect abstraction.
I could see the desk with the open letter upon it.
At every turn Kate drew nearer to it.
It was a moment of intense temptation to my sister.
It was a weighty matter with her.
But then where would have been her merit?
The letter was upside down to her.
The blood rushed back to her face.
I ought to be ashamed of myself!
I took her hands, and looked her full in the face.
she answered, turning away with a swelling bosom.
I declare I never held you in so high estimation.
But what a lesson I have had to-day!
Yes, it has been a striking one.
for mercy's sake don't expose me further!
One of us, of course, said Kate.
I had seen it upon Kate's finger, but not recently.
asked my sister, with difficulty.
She questioned with an arch smile.
Indeed, I won't keep other folks love-tokens!
There,--it belongs on that finger, I know!
I will tell you something, if you will.
Walter told it to me, and it is about you.
Lina looked at me with meaning eyes.
Alice's conscience was alarmed.
I should have been so sorry for it afterwards!
And this letter, too, I offered to show you!
You can't make me believe that of you!
A miss is as good as a mile, Lina.
I tried but for one thing,--peace.
The warm weather is prostrating me!
The Doctor ordained it; Kate executed it.
It was inexpressible delight, that ocean-breeze.
She counted the pieces,--there were five.
She eyed them, and shook her head.
May-be ne'er a morsel's passed yer lips the day.
I thus learned that his was Ryerson.
Yes; she was very well, staying with her aunt.
He replied, that she was in a wretched fix.
I thought, shutting my eyes crossly.
Why don't she let a fellow be in peace, then?
Life is fleeting fast; Strife will soon be past.
I cannot lie still; Beat strong I will.
I cannot lie still; Beat strong I will.
Heaven over all Rules this earthly ball.
I cannot lie still; Beat strong I will.
Let that me fill, And I am still.
Sometimes in the visions of the night I am happy.
I dream that I am at the top of Mount Washington.
But I can never, never feel it--out of a dream.
I feel my helplessness cruelly.
never anything but pain and pity?
A rough, white-covered wagon jolts up.
Other country vehicles approach.
They are smart and smiling in their Sunday clothes.
The marble spring is a charming trysting-place!
Her mother lowered her tone, and looked subdued.
The little girl is in sight now.
Some one is passing them now,--a lady.
She, too, glances this way with a sad smile.
She comes slowly down the avenue.
A graceful, queenly form, and lovely face!
She has drunk of the waters, and is gone.
Ah, Dr. G., you have indeed roused me from apathy!
I tried to do it again, but it was impossible.
Then I have another source of hope.
So I wrote two days ago, Mary, and I was right!
That _was_ returning sensation and motion.
Of course my happiness was brimming!
I hope my return to health will not cost me dear.
will Kate centre her life in me?
Kate is not so wild with delight as I am.
She still forbids herself to exult.
It was our darling little Alice Wellspring.
But where was the necessity of elopement?
Don't say anything against Aunt, Harry.
I'm safe from her now, and so are you.
After you know Harry, you won't blame me.
I only said, The Devil,'--that's all!
You know, Harry, I can't make reflections!
Pshaw, now, Allie, don't be hard upon me!
That was a very little swear--for the occasion!
His cheery Well, how are you to-day, old fellow?
sets everybody at ease with me.
Nearly all the boarders are gone.
Miss Winston left last week for her home in Boston.
I write this in direct reply to your question.
Kate was, of course, extremely agitated at once.
Well, I am going to tell it to you now, really.
I motioned to her to proceed at once.
But Walter had not waited for me.
There was a moment of perfect silence.
Alice went softly out and closed it.
said I, amazed, what are you doing?
To hunt him up at the bar-keeper's desk?
Alice peeped in, and asked, May he come?
In the parlor, waiting to know.
Yes, said Kate, changing color rapidly.
Charlie, said Kate, you need not go!
for her conduct has made Walter almost worship her.
Indeed, she could hardly stand.
Saide, said I, you positively look pale!
Besides, ought I not to speak to him first?
You want to speak to me, perhaps.
My eyes swept the long, dim apartment.
Ah, Mary, that moment's blank dismay!
I am happy that you are so well!
she said, with a rather more conscious tone.
Yes, I stammered, I am well,--I am quite well.
Why doesn't Mr. Claude come with us?
You should know better than we.
Certainly he is odd, my dear Miss Roper.
Was it to you I made use of the word?
II.--CLAUDE TO EUSTACE,--_from Rome_.
Will swearing, I wonder, mend matters?
Cursing and scolding repel the assailants?
Let the tail shift for itself; I will bury my head.
Triumphant, of course, then, elsewhere!
V.--MARY TREVELLYN TO MISS ROPER,--_from Florence_.
indeed, it is sadly distressing!
I wonder;--still studying Vatican marbles?
We trust your brother is better.
Juxtaposition, in fine; and what is juxtaposition?
Yet we must eat and drink, as you say.
What shall I do to thee, O thou Preserver of Men?
Take from me this regal knowledge!
and what was your answer exactly?
And now to explain the proceeding.
We depart, but to behold you again!
And nowhere is Rome less known than in Rome itself.
Shortly after Gregory's death, Pope Boniface IV.
It was now one of the oldest churches in Rome.
But Paschal entered vigorously on the search.
There he sought, but his seeking was vain.
But it is to be accounted for by natural causes.
8.] [Footnote M: Song of Solomon, ii.
Maderno was then a youth of twenty-three years.
The twenty-second of November arrived.
The Pope had recovered from his gout.
The church was splendidly decorated.
We pass now over two centuries and a half.
And such proved to be the fact.
At the right a wide door led into a large chapel.
The letters upon it were CORN EP.
De Rossi was able to furnish the solution.
So ends the story of St Cecilia and her tomb.
[To be continued.] * * * * * HAPPINESS.
Oh, Luke, there must have been a wreck!
There's a ring, too, I declare!
That chain is a gold one, remarked Luke Merlyn.
Who do you suppose these things belonged to?
I suppose lots of em got shook out by the way.
I am glad it was you found it, Clarice.
It's the neatest thing I ever saw, though, Clarice.
The poor little basket, too,--poor little ark!
Are you going out to-day, Luke?
Don't you see I've got the net?
Father will be down by the time I'm ready.
May-be, answered Luke,--saying this to comfort her.
Is your father going out to-day?
I'm glad it came off so pleasant.
Worth fifty times as much, too.
Come and walk down to the boat, Clarice.
How did you come to wake up so soon?
Oh, yes!--I'm sure I heard you.
You are the best girl around, Clarice!
Come now, why don't you say I'm the best fellow?
But then I want to hear you say so.
The merry fellow was in earnest, though he laughed.
She looked at him a little surprised.
Come, said he, with gentle coaxing.
It's the prettiest thing I ever saw.
These letters must have stood for something.
Will you take my heart and my hand?
That's new for me, said the girl.
Now, replied Clarice, suddenly.
Have you taken my heart and hand?
It seemed, after all, incredible.
And so speaking, the girl meant _yes, forever_.
They had long understood each other.
Luke was in no hurry for his father.
But at length a shrill voice called the girl.
I must go, said Clarice to Luke.
Don't work too hard, he answered.
Take care of my heart, Clarice.
He'd know as quick as anybody,--and care as much.
Clarice showed the basket and the gold chain.
At last she threw the chain around her neck.
There's been a wreck in the storm last week.
Oh, may-be I've found all that will tell of it!
asked the dame, who spied the ring.
It would not pass the first rough joint.
Briton was a good fellow, everybody said.
But even in the best seasons he was a bad manager.
Is the pearl a product of disease?
Clarice was standing on the hearth when he arrived.
You could trade that for a silver watch.
Oh!--well, Luke,--will you make the trade, Sir?
What are you going to do with it, my girl?
Old Briton looked well pleased.
What are you all standing about for?
You shall do the trading, Luke.
I never saw a pearl like that, Mother.
And it's a token betwixt her and me.
She is so, confirmed the mother.
So take the ring there for your token.
Take it, Luke, and put the ring on't.
It was settled where they were to live.
There was little sleep among them all that night.
The waves had freight for her that evening.
She dared not look upon the sea again.
Luke's mother, too,--and the cap in her care.
Perhaps there was no longer any doubt in any mind.
At the door she met Bondo Emmins coming out.
I was just going to look for you.
The old people moved up to the hearth.
They will never come back, said she.
She spoke so calmly that her father was deceived.
The tide may bring the poor fellows in, said he.
I shall find him, she said, in a whisper.
There was no mistaking the ownership.
Bondo Emmins was not a native of Diver's Bay.
[To be continued.] THE STORY OF KARIN.
she laughed, ye're a bonny bride!
See how ye'll fare gin the New Year tide!
He accordingly commenced the study of theology.
But his hopes were soon to be blasted.
A severer blow could scarcely have fallen upon him.
He addressed them, but received no answer.
You will no more believe that than I do.
We shall see how this precious move succeeds.
The document in question is to be addressed to you.
Once a week a charwoman comes to help this servant.
Ultimately the cash-box was found by the shopman.
They would assume, of course, that it was money.
The result, so far, has not been at all favorable.
The partition between us is mere lath and plaster.
Whenever he goes out, I shall be after him.
That is suspicious, to begin with.
The boy grinned, and disappeared.
Of course, I put on my hat and walked out also.
Jack has been here, inquiring after you.
I'll get back in time to see him.
Jay finished his chops and paid his bill.
I looked,--winked,--nodded,--left her.
It was then close upon seven o'clock.
My dear fellow, delays are dangerous.
cries Mr. Jay, looking very much astonished.
But, I say, Jack, is Somebody Else ready, too?
Have a drop of brandy and water.
I must try if I can't walk it off, he said.
The man named Jack offered the woman his arm.
Mr. Jay placed himself on the other side of her.
The three then walked away slowly among the trees.
I followed them at a respectful distance.
Some men would now have arrested him on the spot.
I strolled to the tavern, and had my chops.
When he had done, he went back to his lodging.
When I had done, I went back to mine.
This was precisely what I expected.
He took a cab, and we took a cab.
We stopped outside, to avoid exciting suspicion.
I got out to follow the cab on foot.
They got in, and the cab was turned about directly.
I said, faintly, to my two subordinates.
They stared at me in astonishment.
I checked my grinning subordinates by a frown.
The three desperadoes approached him.
He opened his book, and began to read.
I scorned to pay any attention to him.
Not the faintest misgiving of any kind troubled me.
The other low person encouraged him by laughing.
You dine with us to-morrow week.
I dispute nothing, up to this point.
Is this an unjustifiable imputation of bad motives?
The case is perfectly simple, now.
In half an hour's time I was at the house.
I thought you would be jealous of me.
It's very natural; and I don't blame you.
Walk in, pray, and make yourself at home.
But I have got something else to say, besides that.
Can you tell me who the thief is?
says he, more pettish than ever.
Yes, Sir, says I, I think I can.
Then, in the name of Heaven, who is?
Excuse me, Sir, says I, but that proves nothing.
I mentioned who Mr. Yatman was, and what we wanted.
Not a single instalment had been paid on it.
She pointed to the account as she spoke.
But this is no business of ours.
Whenever you like, says I, for the thief is found.
Ask Mrs. Yatman, says I. She'll tell you.
What do you think of that, Inspector Theakstone?
Would you like to stand in Mr. Sharpin's shoes?
I shouldn't, I can promise you!
Your obedient servant, Francis Theakstone.
All or nothing is the genius of Oriental life.
Religion and poetry are all their civilization.
He accosts all topics with an easy audacity.
Good is what goes on the road of Nature.
On the straight way the traveller never misses.
Loose the knots of the heart, he says.
Let us draw the cowl through the brook of wine.
He fears nothing, he stops for nothing.
This boundless charter is the right of genius.
Another:-- High heart, O Hafiz!
say, do churls Know the worth of Oman's pearls?
speak not of thy need; Are not these verses thine?
And his claim has been admitted from the first.
Know that a god bestowed on him eloquent speech.
We may open anywhere on a floral catalogue.
And so onward, through many a page.
Beware that the counterpart blazes with light!
A single look grouped the two parties.
What you see is He not; What you hear is He not.
All are Love's, and all are ours.
* * * * * THE AUTOCRAT OF THE BREAKFAST-TABLE.
Sir,--said I,--I am gratified with your remark.
Besides, some of the smaller cities are charming.
I visit such spots always with infinite delight.
The front-door is on the street.
Why, think for a moment of the power of music.
I always believed in life rather than in books.
Or take a simple and familiar example.
----Yes, Paris is a famous place for societies.
At any rate, when I gave my translation to B.F.
Vous ne savez pas ce que c'est qu'un _follicule_.
Vous n'avez jamais entendu parler du _dzigguetai_.
La _question_ est une specialite.
J'ai des idees,--voyez mon intelligence!
Ah, nous avons un peu de sagacite, voyez vous!
Recette pour le Depilatoire Physiophilosophique.
A new lecture is just like any other new tool.
Dull faces here, there,--in how many places!
I can't help it,--it is too late now.
The verses are written, and you must have them.
Were schoolboys ever half so wild?
Walker was voluble in proclamations to that end.
This of itself was enough to demonstrate that fact.
Cromwell knew when to split hairs and when skulls.
There is no mistress so easily tired as Fortune.
Ought Wellington to have refused their aid?
Prosperity has deadened and bewildered us.
London: John Russell Smith, 1856-7.
Edited by GEORGE RIPLEY and CHAS.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
The replaced older file is renamed.
His lean face was not smiling now.
Call your men back, he commanded crisply.
Durval turned on him with a snarl.
It sounded curiously like an angry cat.
The wrench shot off toward the floor.
Durval shook his hand and roared.
You're not going to catch them by hand.
Better let them settle down, Durval.
On every generator in the place.
We've got to get them out of here fast.
If we blast off, we'll do it with an empty hold.
But not till you get those cats out.
Scowling, Scott bit his knuckles.
Have you tried ultra-sonics on them?
Durval's face slipped into new lines.
Leaning over the railing, he thundered, Masters.
Report-- Scott jabbed the Acknowledgement button.
Sweating men beat after the scuttling red beasts.
Report to me about the sonics, he told Durval.
But he took pains to hold it down.
Confound those cats, he thought.
Second Mate Max Vaugn raised a lazy eyebrow.
Scott spun impatiently on his heel.
The good news has got around, Max said grinning.
Have you tried hitting them with strong light?
He was a small neat man with a prim voice.
Elderburg's eyes turned full on Scott.
His hands closed neatly, one inside the other.
And we've got to get a cargo back.
We might as well sell the _Bertha_ and get out.
If, said Elderburg very plainly.
If we cannot load in two days, Mister Jerill.
And I take full responsibility for my actions.
We might have been Earth-bound by this time.
There was a shocking blast of light.
It blazed too brilliantly for the naked eye.
There was a sharp snap as the port closed.
They lurched into the corridor.
As they approached, the lock clanged open.
A space-suited figure waddled into the corridor.
Light don't bother those cats a bit, he announced.
When they're right on top of us!
Blue-white fire flared from its base.
The _Kastil_--and she's found us!
Two hours since the IPM ship had landed.
And he was in trouble with a vengeance.
Eyes that thought--and threatened.
It was easy enough to read the Old Man's mind.
An officer might make one vital mistake.
Unless he wanted the _Bertha_ to lose time.
Cold raced through Scott's veins.
Had to prove that the accidents were accidents.
The navigator's voice was strained.
Ahead, the bulk of the _Kastil_ loomed.
Motion at the lip of the ore pit.
There was an ugly muttering among the men.
Seven men--two more than were with Scott.
Cautiously, he loosened the blaster in his belt.
Who gave you a clearance to land on our claim?
We have a prior claim on this pit, Scott flared.
We have it posted and registered.
If you're going to mine, find someplace else.
I don't see any of your claim posts.
Ought to be plenty of good claims someplace else.
The blaster pressed hard against his side.
There are plenty of good claims, he said.
As he shouted, he took a giant leap to the right.
Then a thick squirt of fire flared quickly.
Scott's voice rang out harshly.
There was a brief stir off in the shadows.
You're in a blind alley there, Scott continued.
His eyes probed the shadows for motion.
We're willing to be peaceful about this.
I'm Captain Randell of the _Kastil_.
Not in this pit, Scott answered.
He sauntered out of the shadows, hands upraised.
This is the extent of your so-called claim.
Our claim extends from this line.
His radio snapped off with crisp finality.
Scott stepped from his shelter.
The _Kastil's_ down here ready for work.
Eighteen hours a day they worked.
They had almost forgotten the cats....
He had been too long in a space suit.
A dull pounding beat behind his eyes.
You better come with me, the Old Man said heavily.
He rose stiffly, led the way from the room.
Durval held the cats off with ultra-sonics.
The wrench whipped back over his shoulder.
The Captain tugged Scott's arm.
He sounded completely deflated.
No sting remained in his voice.
Scott stepped forward into the hold, then froze.
The hold was a writhing mass of cats.
Their red bodies glowed and twisted strangely.
And Scott went sick with understanding.
And you wondered how they lived on this naked rock.
They ate the raw ore, of course.
They broke through the air feeder system here.
So we're finished, he continued.
He swayed back against the bulkhead.
If you sold us out-- His voice trailed off.
Get me a lead-lined box about eight feet by....
An explosion at Lieutenant Jerill's mine.
There's a fire fight going out there.
Scott bolted from the observation port.
The emergency alarm howled through the ship.
He stabbed one long finger down on the intercom.
Then jolted to a halt, hands balling at his sides.
It was Randell, master of the ship _Kastil_.
His thick hands rubbed easily together.
It's been a real pleasure watching you work.
Oh, that disturbance at your mine pit?
You needn't bother coming after them.
The sound shut off with a loud click.
There isn't time for an armed attack.
Get me a box, Scott cried desperately.
Made of lead and six feet deep.
Captain Elderburg, listen to me.
Elderburg staggered, clutched the back of the seat.
We have half an hour till the _Kastil_ jets off.
* * * * * The hold was beastly hot.
Scott glanced nervously at the forward screen.
The uranium cell balanced easily in his hands.
He could scarcely feel it press against his gloves.
The heat control in his suit was jammed again.
A quick cold thrill passed through his stomach.
They were casting about for a new supply.
To spill the ore across the floor.
He slipped cautiously past the last row of cells.
A quick dash now for the open hatchway beyond....
Their weight drove his right leg forward.
He staggered, caught at his balance.
The lead cell above his head began to slip.
Durval's voice cracked in his ears.
The cats ran twisting in a somehow sinister dance.
The bodies were queerly bloated.
But more than two cats fell to the floor.
Scott had to clean them out, and fast.
He dashed toward the open hatch.
Is the uranium poured into the box?
But he never reached the beasts.
A brawling torrent of animals leaped toward him.
They lunged into the trail of ore.
Rolled, leaped, darted along the line.
Then these too were darting for the trail of ore.
Get a decontamination unit in here.
Cats poured in a frenzied stream from the ship.
Excitement pounded hotly in his throat.
We'll worry about the _Kastil_ later.
We're blasting out of here in forty hours.
Load this crate in the cargo jet, he cried.
We only have half an hour left.
I want you to bury it as fast as you can.
Get as much rubbish on the crate as possible.
The loading compartment swung open.
Jerill, this is Captain Elderburg.
Elderburg had freed himself too quickly.
Get that crate out, Scott roared.
Mister Jerill, blared the intercom.
Scott cut the voice off in mid-sentence.
The men lumbered off into the darkness.
They were still completing loading.
Hurry, Scott muttered feverishly.
Movement among the sunless stones.
A group of men closing in toward the cargo jet.
Stop, Scott shouted frantically into his radio.
Get that crate back to the jet.
For a single astounded moment the men paused.
The crate struck on the pit's edge.
Scott seized one end, forced it up over.
I think you ought to rest for a moment.
That's property of the _Bertha_.
Randell turned carelessly to his men.
Property of the _Bertha_, he drawled.
Well, we'd better have a look at it now.
Oh, quite by accident, I understand.
He began to loosen the screw-clamps of the lid.
He dropped his hand upon the box.
The men of the _Bertha_ fell back.
He flicked the muzzle of the blaster about.
Piracy is what is proven, Randell laughed.
Now, thank you for this unexpected pleasure.
We'll see each other again on Earth, perhaps.
About him rang the triumphant laughter of the crew.
Someone gripped Scott's shoulder.
Captain Elderburg on the intercom, Mister Scott.
Elderburg's voice was unsteady.
He relaxed back against the seat.
Elderburg's laugh filled the cabin.
And when they open the crate....
Pale eyes smiling, Scott waved a knotted fist.
And now, sir, we're going to start mining ore.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
Some words have accents of different weight.
Every pupil should have a book.
Corrections may be made in the usual way.
Written recitations at stated times are desirable.
Other methods will readily suggest themselves.
_Wr._ Worcester, 1859, with Supplement, 1882.
_I._ The Imperial Dictionary, 1883.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
[Illustration] LONDON: Sampson Low, Marston & Co.
The lintels are fitted together with toggle joints.
These numbered between thirty and forty.
The largest group of stones fell A.D. 1620.
They have assuredly been brought from a distance.
(See page 20.) [Illustration: Stonehenge.
Looking towards the South East.] IV.
It is impossible to escape them.
Johnson, letter to Mrs. Thrale_, 1783.
But what have Saracens to do with Wiltshire?
The Sarsen well repays a close examination.
How came they in their present position?
And the proof of this is not far to seek.
Where have the stones come from?
Hoare, remembered this stone as standing erect.
Without the circle lie four Sarsen stones.
These five Trilithons are set horseshoe wise.
The question naturally arises how were they worked?
The material used in these three classes was flint.
Sides and ends could thus be roughly squared.
The mortice holes were easier to accomplish.
In this way a smooth hollow could soon be worn.
[Illustration: The central Entrance of Stonehenge.
The opposite end would then be similarly treated.
Investigation has shown this to be a fact.
at eight inches below the turf.
Circles enclosing barrows or dolmens.
These were facts easily apprehended.
Nor was this a mere arbitrary arrangement.
The good of the community depended upon it.
This cannot altogether be accidental.
Wiltshire is specially rich in Long Barrows.
They are also, as a rule, found upon rising ground.
Their construction is somewhat curious.
Within the higher end is the sepulchral deposit.
Elsewhere they are comparatively rare.
The method of procedure was simple.
The crouching posture is specially noteworthy.
The proportion of urn burial is as three to one.
Normanton Dn.] [Illustration: Grape Cup.
For finer work sharp sand has been employed.
The firing is most primitive and imperfect.
[Illustration: Unique variety of Incense cup.
Were they tall or short, dark or fair?
And whence came this powerful dominant race?
lay in the hiding-hole some four or five days.
Great Durnford Church, with its fine Norman doors.
Last of all, my sincere thanks to Dr. H.P.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
PUNCH, OR THE LONDON CHARIVARI.
The novel is certain to be well reviewed.
There are evenings in other places occasionally.
Cambridge sometimes puts forward weak imitations.
He sat down, and thought deeply.
Of CATHERINE a word must be said.
That is a long sentence, but, ah!
She looked at him in her bird-like way.
You know, she whispered to BOB, we're all mad here.
Throw your eyes up to the ceiling.
Now, said the Squire, you can't see.
Pronounce the word testimony twice, slowly.
And with that he bowed BOB out of the room.
The front-door of the Rectory was open.
He walked in.--The rest is soon told.
CATHERINE frowned, but it was useless.
Wind whistling, too, in Stalls.
* * * * * [Illustration: L'ONION FAIT LA FORCE.
* * * * * [Illustration: FELICITOUS QUOTATIONS.
(_Guinevere._)] * * * * * VOCES POPULI.
_Chorus of Arab Stall-keepers._ Come and look!
_Chorus of British Saleswomen_.
_'Ave_ you seen the noo perfume sprinkler?
Very nice little novelties ere, Sir!
every article is really very much reduced, &c, &c.
This way for the Mystic Marvel o She!
Shall we go in, just to see what it's like?
_The F.S._ (_with an uncomfortable giggle_).
Not much to see _so_ far, is there?
Let's go and see the other things now.
They've done that alf-moon very well, haven't they?
_Voice of Showman_ (_addressing the Illusions_).
[_The Sightseers move on, feeling crushed.
That's what you've got to find out.
_Pygmalion's Dream_ (_from the mystic gloom_).
Now you can turn the lights up ...
_The Y.S._ Don't you excite yourself.
_Her Comp._ What, aven't you seen wonders enough?
But you _are_ going it, you know!
_She_ (_in a full sweet voice, from below_).
_She_ (_from the recess of the Urn_).
Then will you give us some sign of your presence!
_She_ (_with a slow bow and gracious smile_).
_The F.S._ (_to her Companion_).
_A Bolder Spirit_ (_with interest_).
_'Arry._ And quite a young thing, too!
_A Spectator_ (_who has read the Novel_).
III.--GRANDMOTHERLY GOVERNMENT.
Few M.P.'s present, most of them drowsing_.
Burly white-apron'd Proprietor behind counter.
I don't believe it's butter at all.
What did your Missus buy it as?
Why, Adipo--whot's it, I believe.
That's Adipocerene, that is, and _sold as such_.
And this proved to be the case.
Pon my word it almost looks like a trick-chair!
* * * * * ETHER-DRINKING IN IRELAND.--Mr.
* * * * * [Illustration: TRAIN UP A CHILD, &C.
_Lady Clara Robinson_ (_nee Vere de Vere_).
In the same old way He trusts to rally them to-day.
What became of it nobody knows.
* * * * * [Illustration: THE McGLADSTONE!
[Illustration] When some years ago EDMUNDUS ED.
It caught on, and achieved success.
_To the_ BARON DE BOOK-WORMS, _Vermoulen Lodge_.
I quite appreciate your appreciation.
But I _can_ put a price on my own, and I do.
It may be dear, or it may be cheap.
can close with my offer or not, as they please.
5 0 0 To cigars and light refreshments all round.
per head 2 5 0 Cigars and liqueurs.
And I think the Badminton Club.
M. BUCHANANOFF shows us a very pleasant picture.
But I am not quite sure about the title.
I can't get over him, I said, apologetically.
What says the great bard of Abydos?
Then think of the long vista of possible surprises.
Of course we don't mean to make money out of it.
To this rule there will be no exception.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
The replaced older file is renamed.
1889 PREFACE TO THE TRANSLATION.
Round about it are seen steep and uneven rocks.
Thou sighest, then--and vainly?
Vainly: without a glimpse of hope; bewildered.
What, what have I not promised, vow'd, attempted?
Think'st thou other fathers possess a Nanna?
Now, Balder, hear my word, and fly from Nanna!
Yes, I ought--that see I plainly.
And is there nothing then of hope remaining?
When did I first become so grim--so frightful?
Tell me, Thor, is breath of mine destructive?
Has death among my tears and smiles its dwelling?
drivellest thou before the God of Thunder?
To Thor, to Odin's friend, I breathe my sorrow.
And is this all the comfort thou canst offer?
Ah, my friend, that is my duty!
And never, never see thee, Nanna!
Before my eyes are murky shadows flitting.
It is thy friend, tis Thor, who's speaking!
And on my lips I bear the words of Odin.
Aye; when the tree's discover'd.
[He disappears among the trees.
It burns, it scorches me, like Nastroud's blazes.
He enters so that his back is turned to BALDER.
That I but heard a cheery horn resounding!
How thou tremblest, My hoary friend!
Forgive me, sir; forsooth, I was confounded!
Thou see'st in me a poor and ancient Finman.
thou wilt be to Nanna A dear, a welcome guest!
I go; but thou wast speaking, Methinks, of Nanna?
BALDER (seizes him by the arm).
I am an old and harmless creature.
Who here is foster'd up by Nanna's father.
Yet, that I never saw him here!
thou hast seen him-- Withouten doubt thou hast.
is my proud solicitude thus baffled?
Excuse me, sir, I do not understand thee.
She loves not Odin half so much as Hother.
hear thy lov'd one, hear him howling!
Harmonious is it to the ears of Loke.
thou ne'er again, perchance, will hear it.
It comes--the sigh'd-for hour of retribution!
I will conceal myself, and listen.
The bold bear, the old bear, Doth hitherward speed.
Oh, sound the most pleasant This ear ever knew!
Oh, fortunate hunter-- Oh, glorious chase!
And who art thou, that knowest me?
Whom, Skolding, Whom fearest thou?
Wise thou wert in speaking Of friendship!
And yet tis plain thou hidest thee from some one.
When Nanna spake I always blindly listen'd.
(After some refection.) She drove me out.
I see thy courage; but thy foe is mighty.
His stern look may teach me how to tremble.
NANNA (anxiously and affectionately).
he goes--he rages; And Balder yells with wrath.
Who asunder Will hold the raging bears.
who will soften The foaming ones?
What art thou against a half-god?
I hear the sound of arms; but now it ceases.
How long will he delay, the noble warrior?
Unarm'd, it bellow'd, shall the warrior perish?
Now have we peace, and Norway's Kemps may slumber.
THE THIRD (who hitherto has stood in deep thought).
Sharp is my sight in war; but here is darkness.
what light had I the power to kindle?
Thor's fear and even thine betoken danger.
Little in conflict shall it e'er avail thee!
So shouted he, and all the rocks resounded.
Where is this prince of beauty, Nanna's half-god?
They advance towards him, hand in hand.
Hail to thee, Skoldung, valiant son of Hothbrod!
Hail, hail to thee, my Hother, Leire's ruler!
HOTHER (astonished.) Ye know me!
Yes, thou noble youth, and love thee!
How shall I e'er repay these costly presents?
The sire of many warlike kings of Leire!
There's nought but sorcery upon these mountains!
Sight, feeling, reason are alike enchanted!
here in my bosom rages The magic--Vanfred's poison.
Shall I mistrust thee, then--shall I, thy Hother?
Wilt thou love her thou canst mistrust!
Why hast thou ta'en from me that sweet delusion?
When e'er lov'd maids the dastard?
Thou showest tenderness--but ah!
Ah then his fame cheereth His bride in her thrall.
Ah, then his fame cheereth His bride in her thrall.
Ah then his fame cheereth His bride in her thrall.
Then I shall be wasted With grief and complaining!
Ha, Balder, we have met at last.
To thee, perhaps to me tis sweet and grateful!
wherefore crush'd I not to earth the brawler?
And what is his offence, the noble hero?
Shall thy pure flame dishonour thee?
But not the virtue she herself doth honour!
Yes, Balder, worthy of thyself continue!
Canst thou wish Nanna to abandon Hother?
My arm shall rescue him thou lovest!
[Just as he is about to rise HOTHER steps forward.
NANNA (goes tenderly to meet HOTHER).
Can such a bear of Nanna be deserving?
HOTHER (takes his shield down from the tree).
Now, pay for all, and end thy prate in Valhall!
Savage, thou mean'st not sure-- HOTHER.
Thou see'st he forces me--that death he beggeth!
Cover thy gallant with thy faithless bosom!
[He turns the point of his spear against himself.
The warriors go in circle with uplifted spears.
Now, valiant Balder, call upon thy father!
[He casts his spear behind him out of the scene.
BALDER (as he draws his sword).
[He lifts his sword like one who will strike.
Believe him not, but virtue--thine own bosom!
Embrace thy friend, and be, as erst, unshackled!
believe, I've power To hinder it!
I do believe thee, noble one, I know thee!
Thy virtues I hold in reverence.
BALDER (casts himself upon his knees before her).
Oh wave of hope, in which I'm drowning!
Ah, what avails it gainst one's fate to struggle?
My heart can ne'er of Balder be deserving.
Excuse me now; thou knowest I've--Ah!
He follows her for some time with his eyes.
Boldly resounds thy song, thou friend of battle!
I no more thine ear shall weary With vain advice.
Hast Thor forgotten then the valiant Leir-King?
Ah hear!--my joy thou wilt thyself approve of.
On Gevar's rocks I will myself engrave it.
Know, I had never o'er my heart less power.
Weaponless, despairing, He wanders mong the rocks.
My life's the dream thou dost aspire to scatter.
THOR (Whilst he surveys the spear).
And think'st thou Loke slumbers?
THOR (whilst he looks after him with compassion).
The storm howls among the rocks.
From him, the weak, the overcome, the fallen!
With all thy horrors dark, thou foe of gladness!
Cover the gloomy rock where I-- Ha!
There knelt I powerless, and my life accepted!
[He springs up and walks about the scene.
Why delay a moment To keep my oath?
I call thee now; where art thou, Vanfred?
Hail, hail to thee, most fortunate of heroes!
I know thy state of mind and wretched project.
Yes, proud; for he despises thee.
And dost thou think they wish the death of Balder?
Near then had Balder crush'd thee and my design.
Then up mounted My courage and thine own.
But speak; proceed; explain thee!
his lofty Courage shall prove his overthrow.
I do admire more and more thy wisdom.
And now the spear thou spak'st about?
The VALKYRIER move in a circle round the first.
The deepmost deeps feel Valhall's May.
Poisonous blazes Harden a spear For Valhall's May!
Poisonous blazes Harden a spear For Valhall's May.
The tempest still continues to rage.
how nobly Hother Passes the night!
Thou dost remember Rota's present.
I borrowed Tyr's, the Asa's dress and figure.
Here bring I back to thee the precious fragments!
Then thou didst call-- But hear the heavy pinions!
I aside must hasten; For Valhall's maids detest me.
and thou didst swear me friendship!
Yet tis no gift of mine--'tis that of Skulda.
Well, then: use thou this spear!
I bring a noble offering to thy virtue!
[He is going, but LOKE meets him at the entrance.
And shall his lofty spirit His downfall prove?
Waste not the moments in these foolish visions.
The sun rises in its full majesty.
Gloomy was this night and horrid!
To affright the soul of Balder?
I heard it utter'd, But all is hushed as death.
yes; twas thou taught'st me to tremble.
and let me sink with hope to Haelheim!
felt I not thy warm tear trickle Upon this hand?
if tis torn from me again, if Nanna-- Oh doubt!
oh fear with which my heart is tortur'd!
What cruel delusion Has led my soul astray?
My tears shall now extract that No from Nanna.
NANNA (she rushes distractedly in upon the stage).
The direst dream has shown to me my Hother!
Thine--as thou callest him--thine Hother liveth.
My dream confuses me--thou see'st I tremble.
Ah, wherefore, Balder, dost thou love a mortal?
Why dost thou seek to spare me?
Perhaps thou only think'st thou lov'st him.
The Bird of Death sits upon her shoulder.
And have I not a shield and sword?
My hopes ye annih'late, Ye powers of the sky!
Who'll heed my lamenting, My sorrowful plight?
My hopes ye annih'late, Ye powers of the sky!
[She supports herself, fainting, against a tree.
HOTHER (he rushes up to her in alarm).
NANNA (looking stiffly upon him).
would thy noble bosom Was not so tender!
And burning tear-drops, Oh, hide them!
the joy of heaven, Entices forth these tears!
NANNA (affectionately and sorrowfully).
HOTHER (turning away his face).
Thine eyes thou turnest from thy bride!
HOTHER (looking upon her with tenderness).
say-- HOTHER (embraces her again).
Say, canst thou pardon His only crime?
By Odin, more than the best light!
Can Hother's Tears not make bare to thee his heart?
And that--forgive me--that is more than Nanna.
NANNA (astonished, and calmer).
One--nearly one of Hother's days?
Then be courageous--of thy Hother worthy!
A VOICE FAR AWAY IN THE FOREST.
Love, base love, has prov'd thy bane.
Fate alone has prov'd thy bane.
Fate alone has prov'd thy bane.
MANY VOICES answer one another among the rocks.
EXPLANATION OF THE MYTHOLOGICAL WORDS AND NAMES.
FIND, a Trold or Demon of this name.
SKULDA (in the Edda, SKULD), the youngest Nornie.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
Contents I. Look for a man named Grim.
No objection; Only a stipulation.
Do whatever the leader of the escort tells you.
I am willing to use all means--all methods.
And the rest of the acts of Ahaziah-- XII.
Windy bellies without hearts in them.
I'll have nothing to do with it!
------------ Chapter One Look for a man named Grim.
Pleasure with violet eyes was in Chicago.
My passport describes me as a journalist.
Hoary-ancient and ultra-modern.
Look for a man named Grim, said my employer.
It was known as a Ghazi in those days.
The sun shone and so did the stars.
General Bols reopened Pontius Pilate's water-works.
It was difficult to find one line of observation.
However, first I must tell how I met him.
You can't be epic and not make enemies.
They've opened schools and colleges.
America's mission is educational.
In fact, of course he is, since you say so.
But as for being up to any good-- You're mistaken.
You're looking at the wrong man.
I was more than ever sure I was not mistaken.
It was a case of that or nothing.
Sounds like Scandinavian ancestry, on one side.
Ten generations in the States at any rate.
He can tell you all about this country.
Write me an introduction, I said.
That was not an official residence.
I came to call on an American named Major Grim.
Soap and water account for the rest of it.
Besides, it's against the regulations.
Yes and no. Depends what you call danger.
But you can't argue with tides.
Then you're on the wrong side, and you know it?
He was not interested in his own story.
No doubt they had money and influence.
Anyhow, the French laid claim to Syria.
Mesopotamia is in a state of more or less anarchy.
Their army is weak at the moment.
They don't play what the English call on side.
A child could see it with his eyes shut.
That's where the joker comes in.
Then the war didn't end the old diplomacy?
I'm one of the men who is trying to keep the peace.
He invited me to stay to dinner.
But he and I stayed, and talked until midnight.
Chapter Two No objection; only a stipulation.
The showmanship began much sooner than I hoped.
So they were talking their heads off.
But there was a broad desert-breath about it all.
I fell in conversation with him.
I receive a monthly salary, he boasted.
What is the condition now at El-Kerak?
You mean; each man on his own account?
And you invite me to make the trip with you?
But you will be returning to America?
She would have our word of honour.
On your single undertaking to protect me?
Are you king of all that countryside?
But he was a man of unexpectedly assorted moods.
He laughed when I told of ben Nasir.
What would the escort amount to?
All the way from Aleppo down to Beersheba.
[*President of the American College at Beirut.
Again his eyes grew speculative.
I asked, as eager as a schoolboy for the circus.
Well, I said, I'm in your hands.
He knocked, and entered a door marked private.
Sir Louis was certainly in an excellent temper.
I understand you want to go to El-Kerak?
That had the merit of frankness.
I'll sign such a letter, said I. Good.
Let's have it all in your handwriting.
I'll call a clerk to witness the signature.
Can't we get word to ben Nasir for him, Grim?
How do you propose to reach the Dead Sea?
Oh, hire some sort of conveyance, I suppose.
Couldn't we lend him one of our cars, Grim?
Sure, said Grim, nobody else need know then.
Grim followed me into the ante-room after a minute.
There's just time before sunset.
If you've good eyes, I'll show you El-Kerak.
That winding creek beyond it is the Jordan.
As far eastward as that there's some peace.
That's the top of the castle-wall of El-Kerak.
No road there nowadays that amounts to anything.
That over yonder is savage country, Grim remarked.
There are just one or two points to bear in mind.
There's another point I'll ask you to bear in mind.
Act as if you'd never seen me in your life before.
By the fourth afternoon discouragement set in.
The chances seemed all against my going after all.
I watched him for five minutes.
I started to pass him a third time.
God give your honour a good journey.
His orders were to search thoroughly.
Took that corner las time on one wheel!
Enceforth, I drives reasonable.
He was itching to tell his story.
Then he could not hold his story any longer.
The car's been rattlin worse n a tinker's basket.
But what d'you suppose the blighter did?
Did you notice my left eye when you got in the car?
It was full moonlight, an you could see for miles.
The driver stopped the car to fill his pipe.
he answered impatiently, and stopped.
He did not expect the tip I gave him.
My guide and I mounted and rode on.
He bolted the door the moment I was inside.
Even when he shot the bolt he did it silently.
There was to be an escort to meet me here, I said.
Thank God, mister, you have come at last.
If you had only come at sunset!
Ali has gone to bring them now.
That was a nice state of affairs.
I began to spear about for remedies.
He did not look like an honest man.
Well, my own predicament was better than that.
I go under protest--most unwillingly!
You needn't be afraid to trust him.
(Soldiers!) He jumped straight into the motor-boat.
But the engine would not start.
I was just as keen to escape as any one.
It took about another minute to restart it.
We were out in the moonlight now, a perfect target.
Two or three well-placed shots might sink us.
But Anazeh had presence of mind.
At any rate, the shots all missed.
It would have needed only half a sea to swamp us.
He left out all the disappointing part.
I got Ahmed to translate it to me afterwards.
Our wake was like a drunkard's.
He jumped at the notion of making friends with me.
He made no secret of the reason.
So I must yield to them in everything.
An oath given under compulsion-- I began.
I am weak--an unimportant person.
But I lived to regret it later.
However, at the moment, he was useful.
They were quite particular about it.
Ahmed and I sat on a rock and watched them.
He was brought up all-standing fifty yards away.
I persuaded Ahmed to go up close and listen.
Anazeh suddenly cut short the war of words.
That did not worry the horseman much.
And Anazeh answers, he has pledged his word.
Can you not say something to persuade Anazeh?
I would rather have tried to persuade a tiger.
And at that, I had not a weapon of any kind.
Effendi, you are Anazeh's guest.
As a horseman, I am a pretty good sack of potatoes.
I heard the rear-guard scatter and run.
However, I enjoyed it more than they did.
There was also a led horse added to the escort.
He was examining a bandolier that had blood on it.
There was no need to announce ourselves.
Sheikh ben Nazir opened the door in person.
I might have been his blood-relation.
He was the host, and I the guest.
We were not the only guests there.
We were told his name was Suliman ben Saoud.
He did not exactly fascinate me.
His self-containment was annoying.
So you will be between friends.
He wears the same sort of head-dress you do.
To that end I devote my energy.
For the present we must make use of them also.
But their yoke must go, eventually.
There was an avaricious gleam in ben Nazir's eyes.
Chapter Five D'you mind if I use You?
He watched while a man set food before me.
I asked for Ahmed, to act as interpreter.
They might have held me as hostage.
And that is what the conference is all about?
Has ben Nazir anything to do with it?
The world is full of mysteries.
He is a safe man to follow for that reason.
Nobody took any notice of the rifle going off.
He spoke perfectly good English.
He said he wished to speak to me alone.
I tried to look extremely wise, and said nothing.
I will give you fifty if you tell me!
And you don't know where he is?
So I told Ahmed to show me the schools.
So I did not wake up again until after midnight.
The thing on the end of the bed had no eye-brows.
I sat up and looked more closely at him.
And he was speaking unmistakable American.
I began again to believe I was dreaming.
He chuckled quietly and lit a cigarette.
But what's happened to your face?
I just take out my false teeth.
The rest is done with a razor and some brown stain.
No. Looked all over town for you afterward.
I thought that was too natural to be acting.
I expect none that you don't know.
Then our host ben Nazir is in on your game?
We knew we could count on old Anazeh.
I had part of a raided sheep for breakfast.
Well, he gets away with it, this time.
Abdul Ali has got them together.
Then they'll believe he has betrayed them.
Isn't it a bit late in the day to ask permission?
But it might be easier if I know what I'm doing.
As soon as I know I'll explain, he answered.
If there were one he'd send his sons to it.
That gives you the right to ask questions.
At any rate, I'll have to take that chance.
You mean, you'll use me as intermediary?
That's the idea, but there's more to it.
Keep it in your pocket to make notes in.
Make the dots faint, I've good eyes.
What sort of notes do you want from me?
If you can, keep old Anazeh sober.
Grim nodded meaningly: I've known easier jobs!
Well--wits were given us to use.
If you find I haven't any, don't blame me.
I won't, he answered, and I believed him.
It's a good job you asked that.
I'm going to saw off a cord or two myself.
He left the room as silently as a ghost.
I don't doubt that he slept peacefully.
But the dreams don't seem to trouble him.
It seemed to me I had been given too much to do.
Chapter Six That man will repay study.
I have been busy since an hour before dawn.
The situation here is very serious.
I was at pains to look alarmed.
Rest assured, you are safe as my guest.
He asked me how much I know about you.
The--ah--they contemplate a raid!
Mon dieu, what do you think of me!
Most of them had modern rifles.
Distaste for him dawned, and grew.
He was at pains to make that clear.
You come at an interesting time, he said.
He had no idea how absurd he himself appeared.
There is no cohesion here without me.
I could not have done better as it happened.
There is, however, an element of disagreement.
Very absurd, of course, but that is their argument.
Again the irritating fingers drumming on my knee.
I did not answer for fear of betraying ill-temper.
You, an altruist, are interested only in a school.
You reciprocate by giving me a talking point.
I shall make use of the opportunity.
He looked, at me and I looked at him.
I think you will be getting full value.
You shall be let into our secrets.
I must have an interpreter, I said.
Otherwise I shall understand very little.
I will supply you an interpreter--a good one.
I must be allowed to bring my own interpreter.
I have been told he is one of your party.
I ought to know his name in advance.
But at last the movement was explained.
I suppose Abdul Ali noticed my look of surprise.
He was at Sheikh ben Nazir's house yesterday.
Then I'll go and hunt up my interpreter.
Shall I send your bag to Abdul Ali's house?
Thank you for a night's lodging.
He came the minute I beckoned him.
(Yours to command) he answered laughing.
Chapter Seven Who gives orders to me?
And there you have El-Kerak, from the inside.
Sheikh Anazeh beckons you, he said.
Am I a maskin* that you do not ride?
But that only increased his wrath.
Did you think you are not under obligation to me?
And a lion knows a lion in the dark!
said I. The effect was instantaneous.
Who are you that know where he is?
A lion knows a lion in the dark!
There will be no doubt who is important!
The old sheikh allowed his enemy plenty of time.
The hour is passed, he announced.
The order is to admit no late-comers.
It was agreed by all the notables.
It looked like the makings of a red-hot fight.
No retainers allowed within the gate!
There were only two armed men leaning against it.
They eyed Anazeh and our numbers nervously.
Only a murmur of voices within.
Is a mejlis held without my presence?
Some one tried to close the door.
The butt of his rifle thundered again on the wood.
Anazeh made a sign to Mahommed ben Hamza and me.
asked Anazeh, standing in the doorway.
Every face in the room was turned toward Anazeh.
He had no meek notions about choosing a low place.
That was the seat of the mighty.
He took care they were all aware of it.
His stern eyes traveled from face to face.
There was a murmur of remonstrance.
Somebody told him sharply to mend his manners.
It felt as if violence might break out any minute.
Some knelt and prostrated themselves.
At once I pulled my own from my pocket.
He smiled acknowledgment as I opened it at random.
The expression of his face barely changed.
Ali Shah al Khassib was the first to speak.
I had to use a handkerchief repeatedly.
Ali Shah al Khassib made no definite proposal.
Each man tried to outvie the other.
Even the coffee cups ceased rattling.
He paused for a full minute after that.
So far he was on thoroughly safe ground.
There will be plunder beyond reckoning.
Anything for the people's education, for instance?
He sat down, glowing with super-virtue.
It was I, Anazeh, who brought this man hither!
Abdul Ali flushed angrily, but laughed aloud.
Then I caught Grim's eye--Suliman ben Saoud's.
He, too, was making capital of my predicament.
He seemed to think I needed reassurance.
He began to flood me with promises of protection.
Then: Jimgrim says, said I. Jimgrim!
I repeated the message, and ben Hamza translated.
I don't believe Jimgrim is here!
I would know him among a million.
They were better judges of that than he.
Finally, Suliman ben Saoud beckoned me.
The roof and ramparts appeared deserted.
Have a long rope with you--a good one.
You and two men climb up here and hide.
Oh, yes; and bring a wheat sack--a new, strong one.
You may have to wait for several hours.
Say something, too, then about his keeping sober.
It'll be soon over if they get wise to us.
(Yours to command.) Come on, then.
I laid my hand on the wrist that held the bottle.
He shook it off angrily, and began to pour.
Grim, over the way, looked anxious.
When did Jimgrim give you this?
Do you know what is in the message?
You have helped him to a throne.
(Please yourself.) Jimgrim is wise.
There will be a banquet presently!
Then he sat down amid a storm of applause.
I wondered whether he had heard Abdul Ali's threat.
The danger would be multiplied tenfold.
Anazeh seemed the only remaining hope.
Anazeh's eyes pursued the liquor bottle.
If there is trouble they will come and tell me.
The gorgeous old-rose parasite slipped through.
(By God, this is a strange affair!) Wait here!
A dozen men had done that and come in again.
The door at the foot of the stairs opened inward.
Then I noticed a notch in the stairway wall.
There was no lock on the door, no bolt.
This is a feast for notables, said Abdul Ali.
Ye have said this effendi must stay in the castle.
Everybody, including Abdul Ali, laughed.
What courteous servants you employ!
What was your secretary trying to do to him?
I retorted, but he saw fit not to answer that.
So that was what Anazeh had been laughing at!
I began to share Grim's good opinion of ben Hamza.
Suliman ben Saoud rose with apparent reluctance.
Abdul Ali of Damascus took his arm.
Then I followed them to the parapet.
That gave the whole game away at once.
He thrust the wallet into his bosom.
The thundering on the door had ceased.
He would not listen to argument.
They were using a battering-ram.
Then the loose rope came up again hand over hand.
Chapter Ten Money doesn't weigh much!
Mahommed ben Hamza went scouting ahead.
The smell of rotting carrion was only part of it.
Then he summoned our men from the moat.
Its simplicity almost took your breath away.
That is the price I will pay you to let me go.
What can these other two do to you?
Leave me to settle with these others.
He would have made me give it up again.
He did not challenge when he heard us.
He held his aim until Grim called to him.
You shall have as much more money as you wish!
Anazeh beckoned us and turned away.
Will the gate guards stand idle?
Will they not run to the fire--and to the looting?
But they will find not much loot.
Loot, said Grim, will delay them.
Money doesn't weigh much, Anazeh answered.
He told me afterward that he had fired in the air.
But we did not wait to bandage them.
It was not a peaceful retreat by any means.
Anazeh is a friend worth having.
Then Abdul Ali produced his wallet again.
Major Grim, he said, please take this money.
Keep it for yourself, and let me go.
Surely I have been punished enough!
I have been seized outside the British sphere.
Come now, you have done what you came to do.
You have destroyed my influence at El-Kerak.
Avoid an international complication.
He looked extremely comical without any eyebrows.
You mean your High Commissioner?
I have not enough money for him.
No, he said, he comes expensive.
You shall speak to the boss, he said after a while.
He looked as if he had not moved meanwhile.
So Abdul Ali opened on him, with all bow guns.
And were you a witness to all this?
I admitted having seen the greater part of it.
It seemed I was going to be made the scape-goat.
asked Grim, as soon as Abdul Ali had been led away.
Come and see me in the morning.
You couldn't help but admire and like him.
It looked like a vision of the home of dreams.
You believed old Abdul-Ali of Damascus?
So whatever he told us is certainly not true.
I'm going to call on Scharnhoff.
You suspect him of double treachery?
At the moment he was technically an enemy alien.
The front door was a thing of solid olive-wood.
We had to hammer on it for several minutes.
How many wives had Djemal Pasha?
But there is no need to inform you as to that.
I was at the Tomb of the Kings yesterday.
The place is not nearly two thousand years old!
Something merkwurdig, believe me!
Grim's face wrinkled into smiles.
I am to all intents and purposes a prisoner.
The Book of the Chronicles of the Kings of Israel!
Part of the tribe of Benjamin stayed with them.
Everybody knows that, said Grim.
Let's see the photograph, Grim suggested.
But what good would the sight of it do?
The treasure will make the whole proceeding safe.
He rubbed his hands together in anticipation.
Under the Turks it was difficult.
They have stopped all excavation.
asked Grim, finishing his whiskey.
Scharnhoff shrugged his shoulders.
I've no particular authority, you know.
Now, did you ever set a thief to catch a thief?
I know Jerusalem from end to end.
Surely I am known by now to be harmless!
Tomb-robbers usually work at night, you know.
I always knew you were a man of good sense!
Did you see what he has in that cupboard?
No. You wouldn't be looking for it.
Use your own judgment, I answered.
But I need help, of a certain sort.
Too bad about Catesby, said Grim.
You've passed the buck, haven't you?
Catesby is under arrest, you say.
I know Catesby, Grim retorted quietly.
You're talking without your book.
I gave the memorandum to Catesby.
He forgot all about it and did nothing.
And you want me to find it, I suppose?
And be a party to breaking Catesby?
I like my job, but not that much!
You refuse then to hunt for the TNT?
His word goes, as far as I'm concerned.
There followed quite a long pause.
I came to you to avoid a scandal.
If this news gets out there'll be a panic.
Things are touchy enough as it is.
Well--if I drop the charge against Catesby--?
Then I shall not have to fight for him.
Then Sir Louis needn't know you're here.
But he had to make a quick decision.
Sir Louis footsteps were approaching.
You're sure you'd rather not have the police?
They mean well, but they're clumsy.
All the same, the thing's ticklish.
There are rumours about all ready.
I had to issue an order about it.
Are you quite sure you're in touch?
I'm positive of what I told you last night.
Will you be seeing Colonel Goodenough?
I've endorsed you in blank, as it were.
Had two of you to listen in on the Administrator!
I offered him a cigarette, grinning.
There was no sense in picking a quarrel.
His annoyance was understandable.
said Grim, as soon as he had gone.
I'm sick of only studying the rules.
And he lets you play cat and mouse with it?
Suppose we draw the net too soon, what then?
Most of the conspirators escape.
I leave by the back way at ten forty-five.
Sit down and let's hear the worst, said Grim.
I will wait until you are alone.
Half a minute, though--have you had breakfast?
I shall not break my fast until my duty is done.
I drove to Headquarters to see him.
Nobody would tell me where he is.
They are spreading the tale broadcast.
There are plenty of troops, said Grim.
What do you suggest ought to be done?
Nobody cares for our sleepless agony of mind.
It is the same wherever we turn.
The consul was unsympathetic in the last degree.
He said it was not his business.
He referred us to the Administrator.
The Administrator refers me to you.
The best thing you can do, said.
You can reach the public ear any time you want to.
There'll be nothing resembling one.
Go and change your clothes, Suliman.
But say: that doctor is a long time on the way.
The principal danger is to me, not you.
If they offer you food, take it.
You can tell Davey absolutely anything.
Well, I think I can execute that maneuver.
But one thing at a time is enough.
Let's attend to this one first.
said a calm voice in the doorway.
Here's tobacco, lots to read, and an armchair.
asked Templeton, looking down at me.
Perhaps I can do something for him.
Suppose you leave him here with me.
He's got a job of work to do right now, said Grim.
Does he know the sign language?
I give him written instructions in Arabic.
There's something I can attend to here at once.
It was an uncomfortable moment.
It wouldn't take five minutes, or hurt him-- much.
After that I think he'd be able to hear perfectly.
I can wait ten minutes yet, Grim answered.
I've a platinum needle in the bag.
I'll get out the spirit-lamp and we'll soon see.
I began to hate Grim pretty cordially.
Yes, I think he'll do, agreed Templeton.
Are you sure they haven't marked him?
I hope you're not expecting important letters!
But it was fun, in spite of Suliman.
It was like seeing the world through a peep-hole.
But first you had to get by Yussuf at the door.
[*Bazaar] He rapped on it three times.
He never overlooked a chance of doing it.
Staff-Captain Ali Mirza is not here.
What should a Madman want with him?
He carries a message for the captain.
He may leave the writing with me.
If the captain comes I will deliver it.
No. The message is from Esh-Sham (Damascus).
He will give it only into the captain's own hand.
You say Staff-Captain Ali Mirza is expected here?
So said the man at the station.
What do you know of Staff-Captain Ali Mirza?
I did not even try to appear interested.
He ordered Suliman to explain to me.
said the boy, touching his own forehead.
It almost never turns up blind.
But there was still one question in doubt.
who else could have thought of it!
Never was a shrewder genius than Noureddin Ali!
Don't shout his name too loud, said somebody.
Who in this room is a friend of the Administration?
What did Bedreddin Shah discover?
But even that has no value within four walls.
But manners proved to be no barrier in his case.
I know why you want to see the staff- captain.
You have a letter for him; I know what is in it.
Staff-Captain Ali Mirza is my old friend.
Here, I will give you ten piastres for it.
Yours for that letter, he said, shaking it again.
I nudged Suliman and nodded to him.
I stowed it away under my shirt.
Feel in his pocket and find the letter.
He shook his head and grinned sheepishly.
said the boy, tapping his forehead once more.
Most amateurs do overdo things.
Why didn't you open the door sooner?
I have been knocking for two minutes.
All right, Noureddin Ali said at last.
Keep the door locked, but admit the captain.
We must find out what this message is about.
I saw him feel for a weapon under his arm-pit.
But nothing of that sort happened.
It may be you have heard of me.
I am not without friends in Damascus.
Grim's attitude thawed appreciably.
There is a camouflage of talk, but under it--Aha!
Has Mustapha Kemal Pasha waited in Anatolia?
Grim shrugged his shoulders again.
We have had too many of those barren mares.
Noureddin Ali was pained and upset.
That is because you did not meet me.
You say you leave for Damascus at dawn?
Now--how do you propose to leave Jerusalem?
I am on a diplomatic mission, answered Grim.
Because I propose to make a disclosure.
I shall be at the hotel, he answered.
I shall know how to take essential precautions.
Now, am I a man of words, not deeds?
There is going to be--hee-hee!--an explosion!
In Jerusalem, within a day or two, and of what?
Would that not set India on fire?
But now there is little further prospect of delay.
The explosive is not yet in place, but is at hand.
Does not the idea appeal to you?
But the utmost must be made of the sensation.
There must be reprisals everywhere.
Are you sure your plan is not suspected?
No, luckily for Mister Jimgrim it is not a trick.
The trap was all ready for him.
Grim demanded, frowning, and bridling all over.
I see you are a man of resource, said Grim.
Of great resource, with picked lieutenants.
So Mustapha Kemal Pasha has heard of me?
And are you satisfied that I am to be trusted?
Possibly I can give you needed information.
I can be most useful when I know most.
Never mind, I have change, said Noureddin Ali.
The boy can take him to the hotel.
He has no further business here.
Yussuf came and opened the door.
Suliman took my hand and led me out.
However, there was nothing I could do about it.
I was eager to get to my room in the hotel.
Quick: look around and tell me if I'm followed.
I see Narayan Singh has left his post.
Told him to follow any one who followed me.
All right, Grim; anything else?
She produced drinks and pushed the armchairs up.
She knew more sacred secrets than the Sphinx.
Any news about your oil concessions, Davey?
We've got every prospect in the country marked out.
Things haven't reached that stage.
His face was a picture of baffled indignation.
I'll have nothing to do with it!
Why--this tale will be all over the place.
What do you suppose our people will think of me?
She's got you out of much worse messes.
Goodenough will be in here presently.
Listen, Davey; this thing's serious, said Grim.
You're on the inside of an official secret.
We don't know where the explosive is yet.
Evening, Mrs. Davey, he said genially.
Narayan Singh has gone off duty.
The next item on the program was to awaken Suliman.
School for you, and I'll get another side-partner.
he retorted, rubbing his eyes to prove it.
At the place where I went yesterday.
Take her some of Mrs. Davey's candy.
Get inside the place if you can.
Then come back here and tell me all you've seen.
But he was starving when I found him.
Mrs. Davey laid her sewing down.
As it is, they won't get away with it.
He thinks he knows where they are.
The Chronicles of the Kings of Israel.
Remember, he's an archaeologist.
She contrived the introduction to Noureddin Ali.
That's no exaggeration, Goodenough answered.
He worships ancient history and all its monuments.
No, Noureddin Ali thought of the explosion.
He had better luck than he expected.
He didn't have all the luck, though.
We'll find some officer to masquerade as me.
But there I rebelled--flat, downright mutiny.
Otherwise, I see this thing through!
Send some one else on the joy-ride.
The rest of us get paid for taking chances.
Better be sensible and take the ride to Haifa.
My bet is down, said I. Good, Grim nodded.
All the same, you get a joy- ride.
What are you going to put in the bags?
But that was not what made Grim whistle.
That Scharnhoff had beaten her.
I knew he'd make a bad break sooner or later.
He says she is to sell oranges.
Grim and Goodenough exchanged glances.
Noureddin Ali's men, said Grim, chuckling.
They'll help us to prove our alibi.
Two of those men are pretty sure to follow us.
One will probably follow me back here again.
The car shall be here half-an-hour before daylight.
There'll be a change of clothes in the car for you.
You'll hear them break through.
Grim as usual had his nerve with him.
There are no sounds of revelry.
I don't see now how he recognized them.
Hitherto I had been merely interested.
The great white moonlit courtyard was empty.
Suliman had nothing on his feet.
Nobody took any notice of us at first.
I could have sworn he was going to denounce us.
I could not follow it word for word.
One went and sat near the door we had entered by.
What do you do here at this hour?
asked the sheikh as soon as we stood alone.
We can't afford to be overheard.
Never yet, but--what does this mean?
You shall know in the morning--you alone.
Grim quoted, and the shiekh smiled.
Should there be riddles between you and me?
You shall know all in the morning.
Did you ever catch me in a lie?
You are too clever by far for that!
But-- you speak of ruin and a death-roll, eh?
He stroked his beard for about a minute.
You need set no watch in here on that account.
Taib,* Jimgrim, I will trust you.
That is nothing, Grim answered.
He will remain still in one place?
Tell him I'm leaving for Damascus in the morning.
This rock is the centre of the world.
Be humble in the presence of these marvels.
He was there to keep care of me, not I of him.
I shook him violently, and he sat up.
Oh, it is the souls of dead men!
If so, they dreamed beautifully.
He looked strong enough to carry an ox away.
It sounded rather like good advice.
Besides, I was no longer any too sure of Suliman.
Chapter Eighteen But we're ready for them.
Sure that I could not be seen, I faced about.
Well, most streets have two ends.
The little stone house was all in darkness.
There were no windows that I could see.
The wall was not very high at that point.
Besides, why was it not exactly in the middle?
It was the wrong shape to be any sort of chimney.
The goose-flesh broke out all over me.
I know just how trapped animals feel.
That's what comes of suiting yourself, doesn't it!
Here's a pass that'll let you out--catch!
He threw down a piece of white paper, folded.
I shall want him when he has had his sleep out.
I showed them the safe-pass Grim had scribbled.
He stuck his head out of a bedroom window.
Detailed preparations for the round-up had begun.
Wish I might be in at the finish, though!
Have you any notion what the real objective is?
Is the Intelligence short of officers?
I don't suppose I know any more than you do.
I decided to change the subject.
Suppose we don't make it a Marathon.
Why walk farther than we need to?
The two cars came to a standstill.
I think I can save you a walk, he said, smiling.
All he had forgotten was suspenders.
Sir Louis gave his orders while I changed clothes.
I got in beside the Administrator.
So the shop-keepers had to be ordered to open up.
So they were putting down their shutters.
This is headquarters for the present, he explained.
A man's coming soon with coffee and stuff to eat.
I'm hoping he'll get word with his mother.
Grim looked more nervous than I had ever seen him.
There was a deep frown between his eyes.
But I've no proof he's in there.
Well, Grim, the net's all ready.
There isn't a doubt on that point, Grim answered.
Why else should Scharnhoff open a fruit-shop?
His head hardly shows between the battlements.
No, you'd only scare him into hiding if you miss.
You'd never catch sight of him.
Do the sahibs wish him alive or dead?
said Goodenough, but Grim did not answer.
He was swearing a blue streak under his breath.
Then she went in, and I heard her scream.
Wouldn't miss it for a king's ransom.
Grim had made every preparation.
They're not that kind, Grim answered.
That'd be too bad, wouldn't it!
We could starve em out, for that matter, said Grim.
Every hour of delay adds to the risk of rioting.
Grim's Bedouin array was dark-brown.
I'll follow em with this contraption.
You follow last, he said to me.
My nose was bleeding at the end of ten yards.
But you couldn't keep your distance.
D'you suppose they'll be able to see the shirt?
I can hardly make it out from here.
Nor was the tunnel straight by any means.
It was good fun, all the same, while it lasted.
I heard heavy footsteps behind me after a while.
Judging by the yells, they hurt, too.
Be pleased to make the most of it!
There were no manuscripts--nothing!
Together we would look for the Tomb of the Kings.
Grim turned to Goodenough, who had been listening.
Sure, or he'd have brought Noureddin Ali.
Will you give me carte blanche?
Grim, are you sure that's wise?
He lacks Noureddin Ali's gift of slipperiness.
He'll show you where Noureddin Ali is.
But in a big crisis he's a number one man.
But the old fellow was heart-broken.
It might be King David--who knows?
I'll take you and show you the others presently.
said the sheikh, stroking his beard.
Shall we publish flashlight photographs?
However, looking up, this is not under the Rock.
How do I know they did not try?
The prisoners were marched out.
He lay back in the armchair with his mouth open.
I got him some of Grim's whiskey.
Do you--do you think he will let me go?
His manner was brisk, brusk, striding over trifles.
I--I--I--I--do not understand you.
I--I was not a conspirator, Major Grim.
But last night he boasted to me about Abdul Ali.
Then he-- Yes, yes, Grim interrupted.
He'd better change into his proper clothes first.
Better watch him through the window.
And, by the way, take this pistol.
We excited no comment whatever.
Scharnhoff asked me after a while.
Something unofficial, I suggested.
But we'll leave that up to them.
The point is-- Oh, don't worry!
You shall have no trouble from me.
He could hardly drag himself into the house.
He helped me carry out the table.
I couldn't see my hand in front of me.
came the answer from behind the table.
I decided to keep still and see what happened.
With Major Jimgrim still alive?
Now--now shall we fight that duel?
He fired instantly, three shots in succession.
I feared he might have seen me by the pistol-flash.
said a gruff voice that I thought I recognized.
Narayan Singh was standing by the end of the table.
But Narayan Singh smiled approval.
As I did that Grim stood in the doorway, smiling.
Then have I done all that was required of me?
You haven't shaken hands with me yet.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
The replaced older file is renamed.
But his heart was as light as the day.
It is lucky I met you, continued Feuerstein.
I usually look in there after the theater.
Hartmann colored with embarrassment.
If it would-- Feuerstein looked annoyed.
Thank you--sorry to trouble you.
Yes, it is a day to back myself to win--fearlessly!
Her eyes were dreamy and stormy.
Her mouth was sweet, if a trifle petulant.
That's Hilda Brauner, replied Horwitz.
At parting he pressed her hand.
Couldn't I come down to see you Sunday evening?
There's a concert in the Square.
If you're there I might see you.
The window certainly was well arranged.
She'll marry him--give her time, said Mrs. Brauner.
Mrs. Brauner pretended to disdain the compliment.
We have had the best, you and I, said he.
Nor did their cordiality lessen his embarrassment.
You are coming to see us to-morrow?
Why--that is--not exactly--no, he stammered.
They make her hate me, he often muttered.
Yes--I must have my cards, insisted Brauner.
But she can't do that, objected Mrs. Brauner.
She'd say it was throwing herself at his head.
Brauner frowned with a seeming of severity.
But we don't need the chickens, now.
We-- Hilda's brow contracted and her chin came out.
Do as I tell you, said her father.
But I shan't be here to-morrow!
Are they to be deprived of their Sunday afternoon?
You have never done this before, Hilda.
You have never forgotten us before.
So you complained of me, did you?
Don't think-- She looked contempt.
I suppose I'll have to endure it.
He was angry, but his mind was confused.
Anybody could tell you are in love, he said.
I can't bear him, went on Hilda.
Mr. Feuerstein had begun to educate her.
Sophie's unobserved look changed to resentment.
Her eyes were searching the crowd, near and far.
Beggars can't be choosers, she answered.
It wouldn't do for me to expect too much.
She spied Otto Heilig drooping dejectedly along.
He looked up to find himself staring at Hilda.
Heilig was miserable with despondent jealousy.
You must have heard of Mr. Feuerstein?
He's an actor--at the German Theater.
But Hilda's crazy over him, as you see.
But she was as silent and shy as Heilig with her.
I--I feel it, she said timidly.
You must think me very foolish.
And what do you think your parents will say?
I--I don't know, stammered Hilda.
They think only of what is practical.
I'm so afraid they won't understand--US.
Secrecy, deception are horrible to me.
No, I could not grieve their honest hearts!
I'll speak to them as soon as I can, she said.
I must stay at home--father has ordered it.
Disappointment--deception--postponement!
I'll do the best I can, she pleaded.
I'll speak--and see you Monday night.
He said aloud: I am impatient, soul's delight!
Heilig found his mother waiting up for him.
Her tears fell on the back of his head.
Why, he had known her since she was a baby.
He had seen her every day since then--every day!
They want to force me to marry you.
And I dare not bring here the man I love.
She sank wretchedly into a chair.
In her desperation her tone was appealing.
He can say he came with me, said Otto.
And as the knock came at the door she opened it.
I can not delay, angel of my heart!
He has to hurry matters--he must be in trouble.
He's got to raise the wind at once.
You must not--at least, not right away.
You'll only wreck her--her happiness.
He drew a long breath and looked at Hilda.
Mr. Feuerstein drew himself up grandly.
Who is this person, Miss Brauner?
he demanded with haughty coldness.
He don't know any better, she replied hurriedly.
This is Mr. Feuerstein, he said.
Glad to see any friend of Otto's.
But Hilda was under no delusion.
She shivered and moved nearer to Otto.
he growled, shaking his head violently.
No, Mr. Brauner--she is not engaged.
I can not be anything to her but her friend.
Brauner burst out furiously at Hilda.
Let's have our game, Mr. Brauner, interrupted Otto.
All this can be settled afterward.
Mr. Feuerstein cast up his eyes.
Love, the leveler, had conquered me.
You've wandered into the wrong part of town.
Don't trouble yourself, said Brauner ironically.
I guess I've got something to say about that!
Otto laid his hand on Brauner's arm.
Her mother and I have promised.
Hilda looked at Otto gratefully.
He shook his head mournfully and turned away.
Brauner gave Mr. Feuerstein a contemptuous glance.
Perhaps Otto's right, he growled.
We shall win--father is giving in.
Brauner was once more in a good humor.
Hilda was bubbling over with delight.
Otto sat forgotten in the corner.
It was Wallenstein in a soul-sweat.
The floor creaked, the walls echoed.
Hilda looked at her lover proudly.
He rose as soon as he could muster the courage.
You must stay to coffee, insisted Mrs. Brauner.
That's right, said Brauner with an approving nod.
I must go in myself--and you, too, Hilda.
A few minutes later Sophie came along.
She paused and tried to draw him into conversation.
When Hilda is Mrs. Feuerstein, she said to herself.
It is a great condescension for me.
They were in a desperate tangle.
But Feuerstein advanced boldly.
To-morrow at eleven--at Bloomingdale's.
Her blush and smile told him she would be there.
Mus go home, said Dippel at last, rising abruptly.
I know you'd trust me to any amount.
In taking off the ten, he dropped a twenty.
Dippel tried to doze, but he would not permit it.
He mustn't sleep any of it off, he thought.
Dippel shook him off with much dignity.
Feuerstein rose to follow and Dippel struck at him.
He went to the assistance of Dippel.
Don't touch me, shouted Dippel.
They went to Terrace Garden and sat in the Stube.
He at once opened up his sudden romantic passion.
She, therefore, had to be extremely cautious.
My uncle, said Feuerstein impressively.
He drew in and expelled a vast breath.
He revolted from this discord to his symphony.
She sobered with a frightened, deprecating look.
I was laughing because I'm happy.
You're such a sweet, romantic dream of a man.
Goodness gracious, no, protested Lena.
Lena felt the change without understanding it.
he said in a deep, moving voice.
Mrs. Ganser blinked and looked helplessly at Lena.
I'm married, ma, explained Lena.
Your father, she at last succeeded in articulating.
Mrs. Ganser shook her huge head vaguely.
Peter was in a frightful humor that evening.
he exclaimed in his classic German.
repeated Feuerstein, drawing Lena to him.
Is this fellow telling the truth?
Lena, drying her eyes with her sleeve, fled.
It was full half a minute before Ganser spoke.
Ganser ran to the front door and opened it.
Then he rushed in and slammed the door.
I'm sure something's happened, said Sophie.
Hilda dismissed the suggestion as impossible.
It might look as if I-- She did not finish.
But you needn't show yourself, replied Sophie.
Sophie went to Mr. Feuerstein's number and rang.
I sent the maid for a pitcher of beer.
I want to ask about Mr. Feuerstein, replied Sophie.
Knock hard--he's a heavy sleeper.
Sophie climbed the stairs and knocked loudly.
Hilda's over in Stuyvesant Square, she said.
She thought you might be sick, so we came.
I am very ill, he said gloomily, but I will go.
Sophie felt hopeful and energetic again.
You are a good girl--a noble creature.
Hilda's my friend, she said earnestly.
And he dashed his hand across his eyes.
Then with feeble step he descended the stairs.
Ah--but I have been near to death.
Hilda was trembling with sympathy.
If I am worse I shall send you word.
We must respect the little conventions.
I must return to my room, he said wearily.
He had a long and extremely narrow head.
His eyes were close together, sharp and shifty.
His expression was sophisticated and cynical.
He threw it open and stood aside.
At the end of the hall, he said.
The door with Mr. Loeb's name on it.
At again and now Feuerstein winced slightly.
That is all past and gone, said Feuerstein.
The bald facts, please--FACTS, and BALD.
If you go on that way, we'll never get anywhere.
As it is--the best way is to bluff the old brewer.
He doesn't want publicity; neither do you.
And you have rights which the law safeguards.
How much do you want--how much damages?
He ought to pay at least twenty-five thousand.
Possibly the five without the twenty.
And how do you expect to pay us?
I'm somewhat pressed just at the moment.
That we'd take the case as a speculation?
Well, to oblige an old client, we will.
Those are hard terms, remonstrated Feuerstein.
Very generous terms, in the circumstances.
I can't do anything without you.
Has she any friends who are likely to hear of this?
Go into the room to the left there.
When Travis had done with him, he showed him out.
Mr. Loeb never bothers with these small cases.
Most complete, Mr. Travis, was his comment.
You've done a good piece of work.
We can get at him all right, though.
He's deadly afraid of social scandal.
You'd better go to see him yourself, said Loeb.
I'll be glad to do it, Mr. Loeb.
Try to induce him to go to Beck.
Travis grinned and Loeb's eyes twinkled.
That's a grand idea, exclaimed Travis.
I think I do know a little about the law.
Travis found Ganser in his office at the brewery.
The old man's face was red and troubled.
We lawyers can't select our clients.
We must do our best for all comers.
Our firm has sent me out of kindly feeling for you.
But Travis knew that Peter wished him to stay.
I needn't enlarge on our client--Mr.
You know how they crave notoriety.
Peter felt it rolling over him, tons heavy.
he said, on his guard but eager.
Really, I've talked too much already, Mr. Ganser.
They can tell you exactly what to do.
And there may be a way out of it without paying.
He told Windisch the whole story.
We can't take your case, Mr. Ganser, said Windisch.
But they may play me the tricks.
Drive as close a bargain as you can.
Leave the matter entirely in our hands, said Beck.
We'll make the best bargain we can.
But Feuerstein has shrewd lawyers--none better.
That man Loeb-- Beck threw up his arms.
That afternoon he carefully prepared himself.
Why not glory in the glorious truth?
Then he glanced gloomily round and sighed again.
He did not speak but repeated his deep sigh.
Has it made you worse to come, dear?
Hilda was trembling with apprehension.
But I love you, Carl, she said gently.
And I have missed you--dreadfully, dreadfully!
Hilda's heart seemed to stand still.
You know I--can bear anything for you.
Be harsh, scornful--but not those tender accents.
I don't know what to say or do.
Mine has been a luckless life, he said.
But something has urged me on, on, on.
He was not even sure that she had heard.
I--I don't know, she answered, startling.
I don't seem to be able to pay attention.
She looked at him timidly and her chin quivered.
But I must on--my time is short.
Your voice don't feel like it, she said.
I love you, but fate has again caught me up.
I stretch out my arms to you--in vain.
Can't you tell me so that I can understand?
You know that isn't so, she answered.
he replied in a hoarse whisper.
He buried his face in his hands.
Oh, you put it on well, she scoffed.
Farewell, he said in a broken voice.
Thank God, she did not love me!
She started up, her face glowing.
It may be that I can, he answered.
No matter how long it is, I'll wait.
That would have been enough, because I--I love you!
What have I done to deserve such love as this!
The tears streamed down her cheeks.
She seemed to be walking in her sleep.
She threw herself on the bed, face downward.
She fell at once into a deep sleep.
When she awoke it was beginning to dawn.
She remembered and began to moan.
she repeated over and over again.
And she lay there, sobbing and calling to him.
But not even her own family knew her secret.
When is Mr. Feuerstein coming again?
asked her father when a week had passed.
But Hilda evaded her hints and avoided her traps.
I always hated to see Hilda go with him.
No good ever comes of that sort of thing.
I supposed she was going to marry him.
Sophie became very uneasy indeed.
Walpurga Hunneker opened her eyes wide.
You don't mean-- she exclaimed.
Her pride must have had a fall.
There isn't a word of truth in it, mother, he said.
Your love makes you blind, answered the mother.
Mrs. Heilig gave him the names of several women.
But he soon realized the folly of such an attempt.
Yet he could not rest without doing something.
He asked her to walk with him in the Square.
Hilda, is--is Mr. Feuerstein coming back?
He's had trouble and it has called him away.
You know that I love him, Otto.
I knew he'd come as soon as he could.
I wouldn't pry into his affairs.
And give him one for me when you catch him.
Sit down here--I've got something to say to you.
Really, you'll have to come again.
Mr. Feuerstein hesitated, seated himself.
I can't discuss her with you, said Mr. Feuerstein.
Then you're not going straight down there?
Yes, but I didn't get anything.
Keep after him; keep your eye on him.
A sickening suspicion peered into his mind.
Yes, Ganser--I think that was the name.
I don't know--look in the directory.
But the tip is to wait a few days.
Otto went to the brewery, but Peter had gone home.
asked Peter, wilting into a chair.
he cried, throwing up his thick, short arms.
I don't think so, he replied, at least not yet.
That's what I came to see you about, said Otto.
But she must be put on her guard.
He might induce her to run away with him.
muttered Ganser, his hair and whiskers bristling.
She'll be anxious enough to keep quiet.
But you don't know my daughter.
She wouldn't do it right, he finished.
I'll promise you there'll be no risk.
She gave a scream of fury and darted for it.
repeated Hilda, throwing back her head.
It's the truth, said Lena, beginning to cry.
At sight of him she began to weep again.
She won't believe me, pa, she said.
I don't know you, she said, and I do know him.
She glanced from father to daughter.
His parting shot at Hilda was: Ask him.
she repeated, as if they were still there.
Then again, a little catch in her voice: You lie!
At sight of her he started back.
he exclaimed theatrically, and frowned.
Don't be angry with me, she said humbly.
I wouldn't have come, only-- You must go at once!
Two people came to see me to-night--Mr.
She was looking away from him now.
She seemed not to have heard him.
He followed her, laid his hand upon her arm.
She snatched her arm away from him.
She kept close to the shadow of the houses.
Beck instantly scented bad news.
There are legal forms to be gone through.
I got the proofs from Germany this morning.
He had wrought himself into a fury.
I want to pay you off--right away quick.
He says you two were partners and knew his record.
Beck's tone was mild and persuasive.
Ganser took out a roll of notes.
I pay you five hundred dollars.
Peter was shouting at the top of his lusty lungs.
Beck wrote a receipt and handed it to him.
Peter read it and handed it back.
he shouted, banging his fist on the desk.
And Peter bustled and slammed his way out.
Beck telephoned Loeb, and they took lunch together.
Loeb drew his lip back over his teeth.
I wish I'd known it two hours sooner.
I let Feuerstein have ten dollars more.
He's had ninety-five on account.
I relied on you to handle the brewer.
Well--you'll send Ganser a heavy bill.
And in the circumstances I don't think I will.
Loeb finished his luncheon in silence.
But he and Beck separated on the friendliest terms.
Then without a word he slunk away.
Come in here and let's sit down a minute.
Now listen to me, young fellow, he said.
You've got to get a move on you, see?
But if you clear out, you won't be followed.
You've got to leave today, understand?
Feuerstein was utterly crushed.
I have done nothing, he protested in tragic tones.
Pity about you, said the detective.
You'd better go west and start again.
It's not so bad, they say, once you get broke in.
He rose and shook hands with Feuerstein.
She could think of him only with shame.
I don't like to see you so sad, Hilda.
Can't things be as they used to be?
I'm never going to marry, she said.
You make me feel as if I were spoiling your life.
And if you knew, you wouldn't want to marry me.
I always have, and I always will.
It doesn't change the way I feel.
And sooner or later, everybody'll know.
She teased Otto and even flirted with him.
We've known each other always, Hilda, said Otto.
And we know all about each other.
She did not speak for several minutes.
He pointed proudly to the seal.
And everything depends on point of view.
He stared at the papers, stunned by the disaster.
Schwartz wrung his hands and burst into tears.
I've been burned out, he explained.
I'll begin in the morning, said Otto.
Not for a long time, several years.
Brauner did not know what answer to make.
He liked Otto and had confidence in him.
And everything was running so smoothly.
Both men looked at her guiltily.
I came to release you, said Otto.
I've got nothing left--and a lot of debts.
I-- Yes--I know, interrupted Hilda.
She went up to him and put her arm round his neck.
Now--I couldn't let you do it--dear.
You can't get rid of me so easily, she said.
He paid no attention to her raillery.
She put her arms round his neck.
His lips trembled and his voice broke.
But you must come back this evening.
Then she said: We're going to be married next week.
And I want two thousand dollars.
Brauner rubbed his face violently.
It'll take two thousand dollars to start right.
That's a good deal of money, objected her father.
in the savings bank, replied Hilda.
You can have the money, he said.
She stopped at the tenement with the vacant store.
What rent do you ask for this store?
But sixty dollars a month is too much.
You can't get as good a location as this.
But I don't care much for the neighborhood.
There are too many delicatessens here now.
He was leaning on his broom, watching her.
You would make good tenants, he said.
But then I've my eye on another place.
You've got only one room at the back.
There's a kitchen, too, said Schulte.
You are nice people--hard workers.
The philanthropic old man returned to his sweeping.
They don't know the value of anything.
Well, I'll get my money anyway, and that's a point.
By nightfall Otto was receiving congratulations.
MY Hilda, he said in a low voice.
The rest of the family were at the midday dinner.
A shadow fell across her paper and she looked up.
she exclaimed in a low, agitated voice.
Then--you will see me never again!
He drew himself up in gloomy majesty.
He gave her one of his looks of tragic eloquence.
He misunderstood the gentleness of her voice.
What have I not suffered for your sake, Hilda!
It's all over for me, he began.
He was within three feet of her.
You must go, she cried, hastily retreating.
Come over to Meinert's as soon as you can.
I shall be in the sitting-room.
With a last, appealing look at Hilda he departed.
He'd just come in, answered Hilda absently.
Hilda could not thrust him out of her mind.
She no longer loved him; but she HAD loved him.
I must be crazy, she said half aloud.
He called for pen, ink and paper.
And he called for another drink.
The waiter entered and he hid the knife.
he exclaimed, frowning heavily.
Mr. Meinert says you must pay, said the waiter.
Mr. Feuerstein laughed sardonically.
He turned his head to the left and closed his eyes.
Do you know an actor named Feuerstein?
Casey looked triumphantly at O'Rourke.
Otto half rose, then sank back again.
Hilda nervously laced and unlaced her fingers.
Only here, she answered after a pause.
The detectives exchanged significant glances.
Were you out of the store this afternoon?
A long pause, then a faint Yes.
The blood flew to Hilda's face, then left it.
said Casey sarcastically, and O'Rourke laughed.
It's no use to hold back, lady, continued Casey.
We know all about your movements.
You went in Meinert's--in at the family entrance.
She was shaking as if she were having a chill.
But just to the door, then home again.
Now, that won't do, said Casey roughly.
You'd better tell the whole story.
Oh--father--Otto--it was nothing.
He said he had something to say to me.
What was it that he had done, lady?
Why do you ask me all these questions?
said Casey, in an undertone to O'Rourke.
She's got to go, and that's all there is to it.
I guess we know what we're about.
Yes--and I know what _I_'m about, exclaimed Otto.
Do you know Riordan, the district leader here?
She's got to come, said Casey angrily.
This threat threw them into a panic.
You're innocent and they can't prove you guilty.
And her heart went out to him as never before.
From that moment it was his, all his.
My love, my dear love, she said.
She went to the closet and took out her hat.
He let Casey, Hilda and O'Rourke pass.
He thrust back Brauner and Otto.
When they touched a door he threw it open.
Then-- Before her, stretched upon a table, was--Mr.
At this a man sitting near him burst out laughing.
What was the trouble between you and him?
Hanlon asked her presently in a not unkindly tone.
pleaded Hilda, looking piteously at the captain.
I won't talk against him, she said simply.
She ought to go on the stage, growled Casey.
Don't say a word until you get a lawyer.
Hanlon gave him a furious look.
I can tell by the slant of the wound.
We've got the proof, I tell you, said Hanlon.
Wharton shrugged his shoulders.
Don't say a word, he said to Hilda.
I don't want a lawyer, she answered.
Well, at any rate, do all your talking in court.
Take her to the station house, interrupted Hanlon.
Casey laid hold of her arm, but she shook him off.
They're taking her to the station house!
We'll have to get the wagon, he said.
They sat waiting until the patrol wagon came.
The matron came, spoke to her gently.
It'll turn out all right, dear, he said.
We're having a streak of bad luck.
Strength and hope seemed to pass from him into her.
Seconds seemed moments, moments hours.
I'm dreaming, she said aloud at last.
Her nerve's going, he said to the sergeant.
I guess she'll break down and confess to-day.
Hilda made no answer, seemed not to have heard.
She nodded vigorously and cackled.
The old woman became abruptly silent.
I'll speak for myself, she said.
If I had a lawyer they'd think I was guilty.
She seemed unconcerned, so calm was she.
You had better have legal help.
I've only the truth to tell, she insisted.
Captain Hanlon, who found the body?
Your Honor, I understood that Mr. Meinert found it.
My man Wielert did, spoke up Meinert.
Tell us all you saw and heard and did.
And he sit and talk to himself.
And then he write and look round like crazy.
And I go in and ask him for money.
I understood that the knife-- Did you question him?
No, replied the captain humbly.
Hilda was looking at him calmly.
His voice seemed loud and strained.
Otto instinctively put his arm about Hilda.
Her father was like a leaf in the wind.
At last he said, I see her again.
A sigh of relief swelled from the crowd.
exclaimed Hanlon, forgetting himself.
The court officer lifted her to her feet.
said the magistrate to Wielert.
She live across the street from Meinert's.
You have heard what this witness testified.
I didn't mean to tell the police Hilda was there.
The magistrate's voice was severe.
She looked so queer that I wanted to see.
I ran across the street and looked in.
And did the police come to you and threaten you?
asked the magistrate of Sophie.
Of course, echoed the magistrate ironically.
I didn't mean to get Hilda into trouble.
I swear I didn't, Sophie exclaimed.
I didn't know what I was doing.
Hilda's look was pity, not anger.
asked the magistrate of Hanlon suspiciously.
Your Honor, we-- Hanlon looked round nervously.
I know where it is, he said eagerly.
When I ran for the police I mail it.
The magistrate read: GERMAN THEATER, 3 September.
Very truly yours, WILLIAM KONIGSMARCK, Manager.
I have sinned, but I have expiated.
Hilda put her hand on Otto's arm.
Let us go, she murmured wearily.
And her face was bright indeed.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
V CANADA--PART I HISTORICAL BY C. P. LUCAS, C.B.
PRINTER TO THE UNIVERSITY CONTENTS PAGE CHAP.
ii) on Pre-Columbian Explorations.
And they had guidance in their course.
[Footnote 8: Gomara, quoted by Hakluyt, vol.
iii, p. 30 (1810 ed.).] [Footnote 9: Hakluyt, vol.
iv.] [Footnote 17: See Justin Winsor, vol.
iii, p. 171.] [Footnote 20: Hakluyt, vol.
i of this series, p. 163, and vol.
Hence the name Laboratoris terra, or Labrador.
i, on Cortereal, Verrazano, &c.
It is given too in the ordinary collection, vol.
216 and 253, notes, and Justin Winsor, vol.
vi, on Norumbega and its English explorers.
The writer of this latter chapter (p.
It is of Indian origin, probably meaning town.
iv.] [Footnote 40: Hakluyt, vol.
They came expecting resistance, but met with none.
[Footnote 53: Peckham's account, Hakluyt, vol.
So ended the first attempt to colonize Virginia.
ix, 1891, and since published separately.
_Cadie_ is an Indian word meaning place or region.
For the name Canada, see above, p. 24.
The results were proportionately small.
It began with Champlain, it ended with Montcalm.
The voyage was one of exploration only.
In 1608 he returned to the river of Canada.
There were two {45} main motives at work.
Feudal customs took root in the soil.
Here was the scene of the English settlements.
(Amsterdam, Frederick Mueller, 1868), Introd. pp.
There was something Homeric about the Iroquois.
The French began by making the Iroquois their foes.
Their coming marked an epoch in Canadian history.
In 1624 Richelieu became his minister.
Yet Richelieu had not been unmindful of Canada.
In May, 1633, Champlain came back to Canada.
Quebec fell and New France was lost.
It was unsound in two main essentials.
First and foremost, liberty was wanting.
On the one hand it has promoted emigration.
It peopled New England with Puritans.
No element of tragedy is wanting.
Money was forthcoming from France.
The rest of their kinsfolk were scattered abroad.
Some were incorporated in the Five Nations.
But this is not the true moral of the story.
Their turn came next, in 1654-5.
The mission was notable in more ways than one.
So far there had been no colonization of Canada.
There had been one wise, far-seeing man--Champlain.
But the French had as yet no real hold on Canada.
They saw the English working by means of companies.
It was developed on rigidly prescribed lines.
It was given a social and political system.
For all important cases there was right of appeal.
See Kingsford's _History of Canada_, vol.
Few years passed without wars or rumours of wars.
The Governor was the representative of the Crown.
It was stronger still in Canada.
In Canada feudalism had no military {100} aspect.
There was no immemorial title to the land.
But Frenchmen could be drilled and organized.
What was natural in Canada was not colonization.
This time no mistake was made as to the route.
The hearts of the Mohawks failed them.
In 1667, Tracy returned to France.
In 1671, Courcelles and Talon followed him.
He did not come young to the work.
He was fifty-two on his arrival.
He had great merits and great defects.
They were years of constant wrangling and worry.
The place was known to the Indians as Cataraqui.
It is now the site of the town of Kingston.
There was no hope from this quarter for the French.
Denonville had not done enough.
They did little to befriend or protect them.
He refused also to come to a meeting at Onondaga.
The time came in the summer of 1695.
What had happened before happened again.
Early in 1698 came news of the Peace of Ryswick.
The first and most potent was loss of numbers.
They certainly decided the fate of North America.
There was no compromise in his policy.
They missed their opportunities.
It gave away the Iroquois entirely.
See also Kingsford's _History of Canada_, vol.
New York was an instance in point.
Some twenty years then passed without open rupture.
The colonization of Canada went on.
They were strong in numbers too.
It was thus that Frontenac defended Canada.
There was much vicarious suffering.
It was fostered too by other causes.
NOTE.--For the substance of chaps.
The answer seems obvious, for North America itself.
But what did North America mean?
It had a different meaning to different interests.
There was rivalry and competition.
Missionaries played a great part in exploration.
The Wisconsin is a tributary of the Mississippi.
La Salle was cast in another mould.
He was not in all points a typical Frenchman.
He had statesmanlike conceptions.
It was not {156} long before he obtained another.
Yet he held staunchly to his purpose.
Tonty had a tale of heroism to tell.
[Footnote 9: See above, p. 160.
These were the charges which La Salle had to rebut.
{167} Half of the company remained at the fort.
It ended in commonplace mutiny and murder.
Tonty alone was mindful of his friend.
In the following year Kirke took Quebec.
However, D'Aunay had the ear of the French Court.
What were the ancient boundaries?
The savages were in truth in a hard case.
North America was a chessboard.
Accordingly an attempt was made to take it.
The result was an entire failure.
Pamphlet, Boston and London, 5th ed. 1746.
The soldiers were discontented, with some reason.
Each was for the time disappointed.
In the text they are called Shining Mountains.
Halifax was in its origin a military colony.
This latter view is probably nearer the truth.
It emanated from the Government at home.
The fourth effort was to be made in Acadia.
Wolfe triumphed, and all men spoke well of him.
Those who escaped, escaped with their lives alone.
It came as a set-off to the defeat of Braddock.
On Lake Ontario they had done nothing at all.
iii, and PARKMAN'S _Montcalm and Wolfe_.
In June, France declared war against Great Britain.
This fact was the source of mischief.
[Sidenote: _The English leaders.
Franklin accused him of indecision.
William Johnson has already been noticed.
The enterprise was accordingly abandoned.
At the end of the month the main advance began.
_Letters of Horace Walpole_, vol.
First and foremost was Louisbourg.
[Footnote 23: _Letters of Horace Walpole_, vol.
1, 1758; Wright's _Life of Wolfe_, p. 465).
i, p. 262.] [Footnote 32: Wright, pp.
The moral effect was greater still.
30, 1758 (Wright's _Life of Wolfe_, p. 457).
465) he writes: Bradstreet's coup was masterly.
[Footnote 39: Letter of Forbes to Pitt, Oct.
In the following year a permanent fort was built.
[Footnote 42: Forbes to Pitt, Pittsburg, Nov.
[Footnote 1: Wolfe to Pitt, Nov.
22, 1758 (Wright's _Life of Wolfe_, p. 464).
In the following year, Wolfe served at Louisbourg.
iii, p. 171.] [Footnote 3: Louisbourg, Sept.
This was precisely what Wolfe did.
[Footnote 4: In Wright's _Life of Wolfe_, pp.
Ticonderoga had been abandoned and blown up.
It was a task which he accomplished.
With this object, Wolfe ran great risks.
His policy was no doubt a sound one.
This premature movement ruined the enterprise.
i, p. 354.] [Footnote 12: Knox, vol.
Whatever had to be done must be done quickly.
Here he determined to attempt a landing.
Howe's light infantry covered the rear.
The fight was one of infantry alone.
[Footnote 20: _Letters of Horace Walpole_, vol.
Montcalm knew this, and hence his immediate attack.
The whole was a thought-out feat of steady daring.
[Footnote 25: Wolfe to his mother, Aug.
31, and to Lord Holderness, Sept.
9 (Wright's _Life of Wolfe_, pp.
The sun had shone upon her soil and upon her arms.
Levis was at Montreal, bent upon recovering Quebec.
Attack became imminent, and Murray knew it.
[Footnote 33: _Grenville Papers_, vol.
Murray was to move up the river from Quebec.
He took with him also some {321} light artillery.
On August 10 the army embarked.
Matters seem to have gone in the main smoothly.
They were what France made them to be.
It favours quickness but not continuity of action.
It was hardly a question of prior discovery.
It was clear, consistent, and far-reaching.
Widely different was the French view.
The missions taught the {342} same lesson.
[Footnote 9: Charlevoix (as above), pp.
Here again we can take Charlevoix's testimony.
They had little or no instinct of imperialism.
Acadia, meaning of name, 36 _n_.
Adirondack Mountains, 49, 241, 242.
Adventurers to Canada, Company of, 74, 76.
_Alcide_, the, 234 and _n._, 272.
Alexander, Sir William, 74, 173-6.
Algonquins, the, 54, 61, 62, 66, 87.
Alleghany Mountains, 49, 53, 217, 230-3, 285, 340.
-- River, the, 150, 151, 217-9, 229, 286, 293, 331.
Arkansas River, the, 153, 161, 162, 167, 211.
Baccalaos, 15 _n._, 16 and _n._, 23 _n_.
Basques, the, 5, 11, 14-17, 65.
Bjarni Herjulfson, 6. Bolingbroke, 142, 144.
Bostonnais, the, 131, 198, 345.
Bougainville, 260, 287, 302, 305, 308-10, 313, 321.
Bourlamaque, 260, 288, 296, 318, 320, 321.
Bradstreet, Colonel, 255, 279, 282 and _n._, 286.
Burke, 236, 250, 312, 315, 339.
Burton, Colonel, 306, 307, 324.
Cabots, the, 4, 5, 9, 12-19, 337.
Caens, the De, 70, 73, 77 and _n_.
Canso, Cape, 177 _n._, 179 _n._, 197-9.
Cap Rouge River, 297, 298, 305, 310, 315, 316.
Carignan-Salieres Regiment, 101, 181, 212.
Cartier, 12, 14, 21-4, 37, 38, 43, 54, 337.
Chambly, 104, 114, 141, 181, 321.
Chautauqua Lake, 150, 218, 229.
Chesterfield, Lord, 271, 276, 327.
-- Isthmus of, 171, 208, 209, 222.
Chudleigh, Cape, 1. Church, Major, 139.
Colbert, 94, 98, 101, 156, 343.
Columbus, 4, 5 and _n._, 8, 9, 13, 14, 54, 329.
Connecticut, River, 138, 208, 297.
Corte Reals, the, 14, 17 and _n._, 19, 20.
Courcelles, De, 104, 105, 109, 127, 152.
Cumberland, Duke of, 235, 236, 272.
Denonville, Marquis de, 110-4, 118, 121, 128, 188.
Denys, Nicholas, 176, 179 and _n._, 180.
Des Plaines, the, 150, 153, 161.
Dettingen, Battle of, 192, 272, 289.
Dieskau, Baron, 234, 243-5, 252.
Dinwiddie, Robert, 230, 231, 234.
Drake, Sir Francis, 32, 33, 76.
Drucour, Chevalier de, 273 and _n._, 276 and _n_.
Duchambon, Governor, 200, 202, 203, 224.
Durell, Admiral, 292, 299, 305.
Elizabeth, Queen, 28, 30, 32, 76.
Finisterre, Cape, 206, 208, 218 _n_.
Forbes, 271, 283-6, 291 _n._, 293.
Frederick the Great, 216, 250, 260.
French and English, 123-46, 216-24, 329.
Frobisher, Martin, 13, 26-8, 30.
Gabarus Bay, 200, 201, 272, 274.
Galissoniere, Marquis de la, 217, 218.
Georgian Bay, 51, 52, 55, 86, 87, 151.
Gilbert, Sir H., 13, 15, 16 _n._, 28-32.
Gillam, Captain Zachariah, 185, 186.
Grand Battery, the, 200-2, 205, 273.
Green Bay, 150, 152-4, 158, 160.
Gunnbiorn, 6. Guyard, Marie, 84.
Hayes, E., 15, 16 and _n._, 28, 29.
Helluland, 6. Hennepin, Father, 157, 161.
Hochelaga, 13, 22 and _n._, 24 and _n_.
Howard of Effingham, Lord, 127.
-- Henry, 27, 44, 53 and _n._, 63, 183, 184.
Hundred Associates, 70, 72, 80-2, 93, 173.
Iberville, 106, 128, 136, 137, 169, 188, 189.
Iceland, 6. Ile aux Noix, 296, 319, 321.
Independence, War of, 65, 280, 282, 339.
Island Battery, the, 200-2, 274.
Kennebec, the, 123, 136, 171, 182, 195, 235, 298.
La Barre, 110, 111, 113, 163, 165.
La Jonquiere, Marquis de, 207, 218 and _n._, 222.
La Plata, the, 2. La Pointe, 151.
La Rochelle, 69, 72, 74, 78, 157, 165, 207, 289.
La Salle, 53, 106, 152, 154-69.
La Tours, the, 173, 175, 177-80.
Leif, 6, 7. Leisler, Jacob, 126, 128.
-- Point, 297, 300, 301, 304-6, 315.
Lighthouse Point, 202, 273, 274.
Loudoun, Earl of, 252, 260-4, 271, 276, 277.
-- XIV, 98, 107, 138, 162, 164, 192, 343.
Manhattan Island, 63, 64, 124, 125, 179, 206.
Marquette, Jacques, 152-4, 162.
Merchants Discoverers Company, 184.
-- Gulf of, 2, 153, 155, 159, 164-6, 169, 332.
Mines, Basin of, 171, 181, 183, 209, 225.
Missouri, the, 153, 161, 211, 213, 214.
Monckton, Colonel, 224, 277, 291, 301, 305, 307.
Monongahela River, 218, 219, 225, 229-32, 237, 239.
-- River, 297, 298, 300-5, 308.
Netherlands East India Company, 46, 79.
-- West India Company, 63, 79, 181 _n_.
-- Brunswick, 23 _n._, 41, 170-2.
-- Hampshire, 129, 135, 208, 233.
Niagara, Falls of, 157, 158, 294, 295, 331.
Nicholson, Colonel, 141-3, 145, 183.
Norsemen, 5, 6. North-West Passage, 183-6.
Oneida, Lake, 56, 246, 254, 282.
Oneidas, the, 56 and _n._, 61, 118.
Onondagas, the, 56 and _n._, 59, 61, 91, 92.
Orleans, Island of, 85, 89, 92, 297, 299, 300.
Oswegatchie River, 322 and _n_.
Paris, Peace of, 15, 93, 326, 327, 345.
Pemaquid, Fort, 136, 137, 182, 189.
Pepperell, W., 199, 202, 203, 205, 252 _n_.
Perrot, Governor, 108, 113, 182, 211.
Phipps, William, 131-4, 139, 140, 145, 183, 198.
Plains of Abraham, 224, 297, 307, 314.
Prince Edward Island, 170, 179 _n._, 221, 277.
Puritans, the, 34, 85, 204, 338, 341.
Raleigh, Sir W., 3, 28, 29, 33, 43.
Recollet Friars, the, 68, 69, 160.
Rensselaer and Rensselaerswyck, 63.
Richelieu, 70, 72, 75, 76, 80, 94, 173, 174, 176.
Rogers, Robert, 247, 261-4, 296, 320, 324, 339.
-- and St. Malo Company, 69, 70.
Royal Americans, 252 and _n._, 302.
Rupert, Fort or House, 185, 187, 188.
Ryswick, Peace of, 118, 137, 140, 190.
-- Island, 16 and _n._, 31, 39.
Saguenay River, 13, 24 _n._, 40, 50.
-- Castin, Baron de, 137, 181, 183, 240.
-- Charles, River, 89, 132, 298, 307-9.
-- Clair, Lake and River, 51, 158.
-- Esprit, Mission of, 151, 153.
-- Ignace, Mission of, 150, 153, 158.
-- -- (Newfoundland), 29-31, 326.
-- Lawrence, Gulf of, 20, 24 _n._, 171, 334.
-- Louis, Fort of (Illinois), 163, 169.
-- Pierre, Island of, 327, 346.
Saunders, Admiral, 292, 299, 304-6, 308, 310, 311.
Seven Years War, 216, 250-2, 327, 338.
Simcoe, Lake, 52, 55, 68, 87, 196 and _n_.
Susa, Convention of, 76 and _n._, 81.
Thousand Islands, the, 51, 322.
Tonty, Henri de, 155, 157, 159-63, 167-9.
Townshend, 291, 301, 304, 305, 307, 309-12.
Venice and Venetians, 13 and _n._, 18.
Verrazano, 7 _n._, 12, 14, 20, 337.
Villiers, Coulon de, 209, 254, 255.
Warren, Commodore, 199-203, 205, 206, 208, 240.
Williams, Fort, 247, 257 _n._, 282.
Wisconsin, River, 148, 150, 153, 161, 217.
Yellowstone Park and River, 213.
York, Duke of, 63, 104, 125, 182.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
_Repertorium_, by Richard Newcourt (London, 1708).
_Chapters in the History of Old St. Paul's_ (1881).
_Visitation of Churches_ (Camden Society, 1885).
_Gleanings from Old St. Paul's_ (1889).
Paul's and Old City Life_ (1894).
_Annals of St. Paul's_, by Dean Milman (1868).
Eventually he succeeded Laurentius at Canterbury.
An immense concourse filled the cathedral.
He also attempted to regulate residence.
died, and lay in state at the cathedral.
FOOTNOTES: [1] Tacitus, Annals, xiv.
[10] Dean Milman says the text was from Ezekiel, i.
5; was it not from Revelation, iv.
[11] Documents Illustrative, p. 175.
[13] Chapters in the History, p. 97.
[18] So says Dr. Sparrow-Simpson.
[20] Chapters in the History, p. 53.
that the king sent to consult him?
Throughout 1534 the deanery was vacant.
What was to be done with the bishop?
It is the general mart of all famous lies.
John Evelyn called the cathedral a den of thieves.
But evil days for the cathedral were approaching.
The news had spread that the City was in flames.
edition of Terence, which I carried in my pocket.
A great man in his time, and Lord Chancellor.
[22] See Dr. Lupton's Life of Colet, 1887.
[25] Chapters in the History, p. 169.
[30] Carlyle's Cromwell, vol i., chap.
[32] Cromwell, vol ii., part v.: The Levellers.
[33] Ibid. Friday, April 27, 1649.
I cannot explain Taswell's mention of lightning.
Mr. William Longman, upon the authority of Mr. E.B.
The clerestory windows are a puzzle.
Mr. William Longman and Mr. E.B.
They were probably Norman in their three stages.
Let us pass on to the INTERIOR.
[Illustration: THE NAVE OF OLD ST.
Dugdale gives only two monuments in the nave.
[Illustration: THE CHOIR, LOOKING EAST.
The plates are of a date too late to show any rood.
Here we have the original east end.
The longitudinal rib was again unbroken throughout.
Dugdale gives some seventy to eighty.
We now go on to the surrounding buildings.
and the citizen answers, The 2nd of Chron. xxiv.
[Illustration: THE CHAPTER HOUSE AND CLOISTER.
FOOTNOTES: [38] Particularly so in the Gleanings.
His exact dates are shortly after 1088 and 1136.
[49] Chapters on the History (pp.
91-93) gives more details about the crypt.
[50] Chapters in the History, with plate, pp.
FROM THE FIRE TO THE COMPLETION OF NEW ST.
My business now is to pry into Trades and Arts.
[Illustration: SIR CHRISTOPHER WREN.
Here we have the Renaissance style defined.
[Illustration: INTERIOR OF THE MODEL.
[Illustration: THE WARRANT DESIGN.
_From a drawing in All Souls College, Oxford.
I have calculated the expense as follows.
[58] Milman, p. 407, with geological diagram.
(Clutterbuck, History of Hertfordshire, vol.
_Cf._ Freeman, _Fortnightly Review_, October, 1872.
4941, quoted in Dugdale, p. 140, note.
Throughout there are two stages or stories.
The answer is, by the curtain wall.
Such is the purpose of the upper story.
We now turn to the different parts and members.
[Illustration: NORTH-EAST VIEW OF ST.
It has three windows in either stage.
A few additional dimensions are necessary.
Both towers are used as campaniles.
So is the present arrangement of the steps.
The whole dome has three shells.
A few words will suffice for the main features.
[70] Fergusson, Modern Architecture, p. 390.
[74] Mr. Longman gives the two together, p. 143.
[76] _Builder_, January 2, 1892.
[80] Mr. Wightwick, quoted in Longman, p. 188.
All I can say is I have enjoyed studying it.
Why should this part be called the attic?
They strike the eye everywhere.
[Illustration: THE ORDER OF THE INTERIOR.
He set to work something in this way.
and be content with your wages.
The ironwork is worthy of the choir.
[Illustration: INTERIOR OF THE DOME.
Ambrose, Augustine of Hippo, Jerome, and Gregory.
Yet a word or two about it may interest.
He probably gives us the Surveyor's _intention_.
Queen Anne's wars would have sounded more probable.
This cement in time becomes quite hard.
They are made at Messrs. Powell's workshops.
Sir William has done a great deal more than design.
The world is represented as a harvest-field.
_South-East_, the Resurrection.
Trees and foliage are above the figures.
But it is not only their artistic merits.
Each dignitary's stall has the name inscribed.
Archdeacon of Middlesex (19) 25.
Chiswick (18) _Nonne Deo subjecta._ 24.
Caddington Major (17) _Omnes gentes plaudite._ 23.
Neasden (15) _Domine ne in furore._ 21.
Lord Mayor, with Mace-Bearer below.
Willesden (12) _Noli aemulari._ 15.
Islington (11) _In convertendo Dominus._ 14.
Hoxton (9) _Defer in salutare anima._ 12.
Wedland (8) _Exandi, Domine, justitiam._ 11.
Reculverland (7) _Beati quorum remissio._ 10.
Rugmere (17) _Ad Dominum cum tribularer._ 23.
Brownswood (16) _Deus judicium tuum._ 22.
Wenlocksbarn (15) _Quemadmodum desiderat._ 21.
Sneating (14) _Dominus Deus meus, respice._ 20.
Oxgate (13) _Domine exandi [102-106]._ 16.
Mapesbury (12) _Memento Domine David._ 15.
Twyford (11) _Deus misercatur mei._ 14.
Mora (9) _Confitebor tibi in toto corde._ 12.
Portpool (8) _Quid gloriaris in malitia._ 11.
The windows in the lower tier, by Mr. C.E.
The Liddon Chapel would be a suitable name.
The subject is the incredulity of St. Thomas.
All of these texts or inscriptions are in Latin.
WESTERN BAY (with Chancel Arch).
Inscription, Creavit { Deus cete grandia (Gen.
{ This is the gift of the Fishmongers Company.
_Triforium_ { Sea Leviathans and Fish.
The nude _Spandrels_ { the door of her house.
figure of Eve, with { Nazareth in background.
angel, pointing to { the forbidden fruit.
Details more minute than _Roof_ { the two others.
It is better { to overdo than to underdo detail.
Many of the birds { are outlined with silver.
Inscription: Et volatile sub firmamento { (Gen.
Meditating about { respectively.
_Triforium_ { Peacocks of the bird Peacocks.
Much later { First put into position.
{ with bronze nails in lead { sockets.
Benedicite, omnia opera Domini, Domino.
20: Invisibilia ejus a creatura mundi.
Per ea quae facta, sunt intellecta.
Sempiterna ejus virtus et divinitas.
The original design of this is at South Kensington.
The work in the =Apse= is difficult to describe.
The Reynolds statue, by John Flaxman, R.A.
(1782-1831), not to mention five by E.H.
The chief battles are inscribed at the base.
(Alfred Stevens.) 3. =Gordon= (Major-Gen.
Sir Herbert, K.C.B., 1844-1885).
A mural tablet behind Gordon's monument.
(Boehm.) 6. =Torrens= (Major-Gen.
Prime Minister at the accession of Queen Victoria.
(Marochetti.) SOUTH AISLE OF NAVE.
Killed at Camperdown in command of the _Ardent_.
Killed in command of the _Majestic_ at the Nile.
Expression of the face too young.
=Faulknor= (Captain Robert, R.N., 1763-1795).
Two sons of England bear trophies.
=Reynolds= (Sir Joshua, P.R.A., 1723-1792).
An accomplished successor of Wren as surveyor.
Inscription, extract from a letter from Wellington.
=Malcolm= (Admiral Sir Pulteney, d.
Brydges, Baron, K.B., 1718-1790).
Marble, in uniform and the Bath.
Son of Lady Sarah Lennox, whom George III.
wished to marry, and brother to Charles James (No.
(Designed by Tallemache, executed by Chantrey.) 29.
Victory and Fame hold medallions.
=Napier= (Admiral Sir Chas., 1786-1860).
Historian, and father of the Arthur of In Memoriam.
17) and represented him in his Oxford D.C.L.
This criticism does not apply to the execution.
=Duncan= (Admiral Adam Viscount Duncan, 1731-1804).
(Flaxman.) [Illustration: NELSON'S MONUMENT.] 41.
=Hoste= (Captain Sir William, R.N., d.
=Abercromby= (Sir Ralph, 1736-1801).
Gracefully modelled and well executed.
=Cooper= (Sir Astley Paston, 1768-1841).
A skilful operator before the days of chloroform.
=Gillespie= (Major-General Robert Rollo, d.
Treaty of peace had been already signed at Ghent.
In command at Trafalgar after Nelson's death.
Defeated the French off Ushant, June 1, 1794.
The female figure with the pen is History.
Sir John, Bart., K.C.B., R.E., 1797-1843).
In toga, and the face expressing benevolence.
Sir Henry Montgomery, K.C.B., 1806-1857).
Chas., Marquis, K.G., 1739-1805).
Twice Viceroy of India, and died there in harness.
Perhaps the best of this sculptor.
(Rossi.) [Illustration: _Photo S.B.
=Milman= (Henry Hart, 1791-1868).
A versatile and somewhat eccentric dean, 1621-1631.
Upright in shroud, and on classical urn.
Sat for his portrait in his shroud.
Second Bishop of Calcutta; died at Trichinopoly.
A kneeling figure, and the best in this aisle.
=Liddon= (Henry Parry, 1829-1890).
Residentiary for twenty years, and Chancellor.
We feel we are in the company of the dead.
A neighbouring tomb is that of Picton.
Altogether many thousands of MSS.
[92] _Fortnightly Review_, October, 1872.
[97] Gwilt's Edifices of London, vol.
i., p. 33, quoted by Longman, p. 178.
[100] So far as I can calculate.
[102] St. Paul's and Old City Life, p. 279.
I am ignorant of Newcourt's sources of information.
[107] _Registrum Statutorum_, Appendix i.
His wife had long pre-deceased him.
FOOTNOTES: [110] _Tatler_, No. 52.
[112] The account in Dugdale (p.
APPENDIX B. COMPARATIVE SIZE OF ST.
LENGTH: Nave with Portico 223 feet.
--------- Total length 513 feet.
Breadth of West Front with Chapels 179 feet.
HEIGHT: Summit of balustrade 108 feet.
Statue of St. Paul, west front 135 feet.
Height of Central Vaulting, 89 feet.
Opening at apex of Dome, about 215 feet.
TOOKS COURT, CHANCERY LANE, LONDON.
[Illustration: GROUND PLAN of ST.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
Tooks Court, Chancery Lane, London.
Of his father he speaks ever with deep respect.
In any case his writings found admirers.
There were drops of bitter in these cups.
And he was haunted by terror of death.
With this a new chapter in his life begins.
Yet another verification we require.
He loved the country, yet he was no hermit.
His letters use the freedom of an intimate.
Septimius will tell you how highly I regard you.
Second Book of Satires, and Epodes.
Let us examine first the Satires and Epistles.
says the gallant old fellow to his sons.
Well, we have just the same to-day.
There is no such thing as owner.
I, iii) You will not listen to me?
I, v), the bad water and the ill-baked bread.
In another inimitable letter (Ep.
my dear friend Celsus, what is he at work upon?
Here is a dinner invitation (Ep.
Butra and Septimius are coming, and I hope Sabinus.
Horace affectionately reproves him.
For many reasons, no, he answers.
Brief phrases which have become classical abound.
Great Scipio and Laelius, says Horace (Sat.
That Naevius is no longer read (Ep.
Horace, speaking of an old comic poet, Livius (Ep.
His poems, says a great French critic (St.
is the spirited rendering of Mr. Goldwin Smith.
Let us hope that their author was well paid.
Very little of what we call devotion seasons them.
And to what end all this splendour?
(III, vi, 45.) 3. PHILOSOPHICAL.
How charming is divine philosophy?
Great desires imply great wants (III, xvi, 42).
Hold fast the golden mean (II, x, 5).
Speak'st thou of nothing but ladies?
says Feste the Jester to poor Malvolio.
Sometimes he plays the monitor.
We walk with them the streets of Rome.
He begins with rather sad reluctance.
There he is more helpless still.
In the flames of the pyre these, alas!
what had she done to be so scourged?
But the friend is not sunk in the courtier.
He was older than are most men at fifty-two.
44 21 Entered as student at Athens.
Aristius, Fuscus, 21, 36, 42, 61, 66.
Capitoline Hill, 16, 24-26, 65.
Homer: Iliad, 11, 37, 43; Odyssey, 44.
Maecenas, 14, 17, 27-29, 38, 51-54, 62, 64.
Sabine farm, 17-19, etc. Satire, origin of, 30.
TOOKS COURT, CHANCERY LANE, LONDON.
net each._ Sir Edward Burne-Jones, Bart.
The English Pre-Raphaelite Painters.
Their Associates and Successors.
By LORD RONALD SUTHERLAND GOWER.
By LORD RONALD SUTHERLAND GOWER.
Bell's Books._ _Fourth Edition, Post 8vo, 5s.
_With numerous Illustrations, 6s.
6d._ Poems by Percy Bysshe Shelley.
ILLUSTRATED AND DECORATED BY R. ANNING BELL.
With Introduction by PROFESSOR WALTER RALEIGH.
ILLUSTRATED AND DECORATED BY R. ANNING BELL.
With Introduction by PROFESSOR WALTER RALEIGH.
ILLUSTRATED AND DECORATED BY BYAM SHAW.
_Second Edition, revised, post 8vo, 7s.
6d._ English Lyrics from Spenser to Milton.
ILLUSTRATED AND DECORATED BY R. ANNING BELL.
Selected with Introduction by JOHN DENNIS.
ILLUSTRATED AND DECORATED BY A. GARTH JONES.
_Post 8vo, 6s._ The Poems of Edgar Allan Poe.
ILLUSTRATED AND DECORATED BY W. HEATH ROBINSON.
With an Introduction by H. NOEL WILLIAMS.
The illustrations are uniformly excellent.
* * * * * Bell's Miniature Series of Great Writers.
* * * * * Bell's Miniature Series of Musicians.
_Pott 8vo, Illustrated, cloth, 1s.
By E. MARKHAM LEE, M.A., Mus. Doc.
A NEW SERIES OF REPRINTS ON THIN PAPER.
MOTTEUX'S Translation, revised.
With LOCKHART'S Life and Notes.
COLERIDGE'S TABLE TALK AND OMNIANA.
Arranged and Edited by T. ASHE, B.A.
Translated by ANNA SWANWICK, LL.D.
JAMESON'S SHAKESPEARE'S HEROINES.
* * * * * The York Library--_continued_.
With an Essay on Marcus Aurelius by MATTHEW ARNOLD.
Edited by FREDERICK RYLAND, M.A.
ARTHUR YOUNG'S TRAVELS IN FRANCE.
CHARLES SWAN, late of Catharine Hall Cambridge.
Printed on thin paper for the pocket.
THE SATIRES, EPISTLES, and ART OF POETRY.
By RICHARD GARNETT, C.B., LL.D.
By RICHARD GARNETT, C.B., LL.D.
[_In Preparation._ LONDON: GEORGE BELL & SONS.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
The Start of the Dodge Mystery III.
The Small Soul of a Gentleman VII.
The Football Notice Goes Up VIII.
Does Football Teach Real Nerve XII.
Bert Dodge Starts Something XIV.
Laura and Belle Have a Secret XX.
The Thanksgiving Day Game XXIII.
At least, I believe it to be a fact.
The hour was about nine o'clock in the evening.
The squad was not yet duly organized.
It was an actual mystery to Dick & Co.
What is all the undermining row about, anyway?
demanded Dick, looking around at his chums.
Harry Hazelton was standing by the door.
I know that Coach Morton is worried.
In fact, he's downright disheartened.
Why, you're a reporter on The Blade.
Is that your unanimous wish, fellows?
Very good, then, sighed Prescott.
so well that an introduction would be superfluous.
The pranks of the young freshmen are now old tales.
had become increasingly popular.
They're of this year's Juniors.
Dick Prescott had rapidly written down the names.
Now he was studying the list carefully.
They're all good football men, sighed Dick.
Dick looked up suddenly from his list.
Fellows, he announced, I've made one discovery.
We can't, admitted Hazelton meekly.
Please tell us, and save us racking our brains.
No. Dick Prescott shook his head emphatically.
So you see my point, old fellow?
Many of their fathers don't work for a living.
repeated Harry Hazelton flaring up.
I believe it, son, nodded Dave.
Why, there's Whitney's father, laughed Dan Dalzell.
Why, Purcell isn't in any such crowd.
Well, we are willing, remarked Darrin grimly.
No, we're not, objected Hazelton fiercely.
That's the only talk, approved Dave promptly.
Gridley must have the winning football eleven.
Oh, well, don't worry, drawled Dan Dalzell.
Keep cool, and the whole thing will be fixed.
asked Reade, turning upon their leader.
I don't know---yet, hesitated Prescott.
But, like Dan, I believe there's a way to be found.
Four of the boys were speedily gone.
Dick caught up the transmitter and answered.
sounded the impatient voice of News Editor Bradley.
This is Dick Prescott, Mr. Bradley.
Then, for goodness sake, can you hustle up here?
Fortunately there was no delay about this.
The two youngsters set out on a run.
Dodge has vanished, continued Bradley.
They have been on the job for nearly three hours.
So far they haven't learned a word.
They can't drag the river until daylight comes.
Well, yes; you have the right idea, young man.
Latest at four o'clock in the morning.
Of course, that's brag---not promise.
thought Dave Darrin, to himself.
But it might not be the right one.
Well, it's worth while finding out, pursued Dick.
Where do you want me to take up the trail?
Where it started, just above the river bend?
Horse and buggy were soon at the door.
Dick sprang in, picking up the reins.
Dave leaped in at the other side.
The horse started away at a steady trot.
He does, in school athletics, anyway.
Horse and buggy were soon at the door.
Dick sprang in, picking up the reins.
Dave leaped in at the other side.
The horse started away at a steady trot.
He does, in school athletics, anyway.
No, but you want to get the story---all of it.
Of course I do, Prescott agreed quietly.
queried Dick, turning around to his chum.
I'm going further, and try to fare better in life.
Wouldn't you like to be a newspaper man for good?
Not on a small-fry paper, anyway replied Prescott.
He gets about thirty dollars a week.
But that's because Pollock follows two callings.
He's an editor and a dealer in real estate.
questioned Dave, rather wonderingly.
Dave, old fellow, can you keep a secret?
Senator Alden will have the other.
And the Army for a life career!
muttered Dick, in near-disgust.
There's a vacancy ahead for Annapolis, too.
demanded Dick, again looking into his chum's eyes.
However, it'll be easier for you.
It doesn't draw as hard as the Army does.
Well, we won't quarrel, laughed young Prescott.
If you do fail on West Point-----?
Some one is there, and looking hard for something.
So I'm in no hurry to show up among the searchers.
I intend, instead, to see what they're doing.
We may as well be quiet and wait.
Go ahead, then, nodded the detective.
A horse, called Hemingway quietly.
Probably some critter passing on the road.
Dave Darrin slipped away, and out of sight.
You write for The Blade, don't you?
And The Blade people sent you here?
Dick looked quietly at young Dodge.
cried Dodge, advancing threateningly.
Don't you address me familiarly.
I take all my orders from my employers.
roared Dick, his face reddening.
I can't, confessed the officer.
Dick broke in, forcing himself to speak calmly.
Prescott understands your state of mind, however.
That would be for the chief to say.
I can cut this short, offered Dick quietly.
Back to the horse and buggy, Dick replied coolly.
Here they found Dave Darrin seated in the buggy.
But what on earth ails Dodge, anyway?
Well---perhaps----- Dick hesitated.
Darrin insisted, rather impatiently.
Mr. Dodge isn't dead, replied Prescott slowly.
That's why I stopped the horse.
It must be Chief Coy's launch that he went after.
You're clever, nodded Prescott, with a low laugh.
There's a lantern under the seat, Dave.
I saw it when we started from The Blade office.
Haul it out and light it, will you?
But tell me; you've often seen Mr. Dodge.
What kind of boots did he wear?
Coarse shoes; one pair of em brogans!
Coat and hat at the water's edge were a blind!
Which way did he and the fellows go?
Away from Gridley, declared Darrin, sagely.
We'll go up along the track, then.
This they did, but the roadbed was hard.
But we can't follow it accurately at night.
But we must strike it first thing in the morning.
Then the trail would be a long one.
It's a trail I hate to leave, muttered Dave Darrin.
But we've got to wait until daylight.
We can't do much in the dark, anyway.
I've got to get back to The Blade office.
Fast driving took them to The Blade office.
I've talked with Hemingway within the last hour.
They won't find the banker that way, chuckled Dick.
If you do, the police will get the credit.
Tired out, they slept without stirring.
We'll travel fast right up along the railway track.
Once started, the two boys kept going briskly.
Still, I think we can follow them.
I'm glad they lead toward the woods.
Dick and Dave reached the edge of the woods.
So their progress was slow, indeed.
We might go along about a hundred feet apart.
Amateurs or not, murmured Dick, with a smile?
I'm full of misgivings, anyway, muttered Dave.
This may be more than a mystery, hinted Dave.
All the more need, then, for moving on fast.
You get out a hundred feet or so to the right.
And we'll move as fast as we can, now.
He summoned Dick Prescott with a sharp hiss.
But don't send a long signal again, Dave.
Dick did not turn around to look at his chum.
Trenhold, Grayson, Hudson, continued Darrin.
Or nearly all, supplemented Dave.
It's too bad Purcell won't join us, remarked Davis.
It's becoming disgusting, muttered Bayliss.
If I am, I apologize, of course, responded Hudson.
And not one of them of good family.
Bert Dodge says----- interrupted Paulson.
Dodge is the one we ought to listen to.
Yes; I know---poor fellow, nodded Bayliss.
I wish we fellows could help him, but we can't.
asked Bayliss, looking about him.
Is that the general agreement among ourselves?
Hardly, I should say, responded Fremont.
I have something to suggest in that line.
retorted Bayliss, with contemptuous emphasis.
laughed Hudson, rolling up the hem of his sweater.
Dave had followed him successfully.
There are the prints of all three.
There must be an end to this, somewhere.
Course this, growled a voice from the inside.
But why don't we hear something from him?
Now, I'm going down there, whispered Dick.
And I used to be called a pretty fair pitcher!
whispered young Prescott eagerly.
Surely, nodded Darrin, with great promptness.
And leave a paper trail, nodded Dick.
I have some, too, muttered Dave.
I'll be back as speedily as I can get help.
You ought not to be gone more than an hour.
He asked permission to use the instrument.
Give me The Blade office, Gridley, please.
Dick waited patiently a few moments.
Tell him I want to speak with him.
Then Mr. Pollock's voice sounded over the wire.
Why, it brought me down hours before fore my time.
At least, Darrin and I----- What's that!
broke in the editor's excited voice.
You'll get that reward---you and Darrin!
Stay right where you are until I reach you.
In it were the chauffeur and Editor Pollock.
We didn't lose much time, did we?
And I've had our forms left standing.
Dick smiled resignedly at this implied doubt.
Yet a thousand dollars is---a thousand dollars!
Five hundred apiece for Dave and me!
What a fearful big lot of money!
What we could do with it, If we had it!
Were his captors still with him?
demanded Brogans, in feigned astonishment.
The noise roused Bill, who sprang up.
Both rascals were taken care of.
Prescott, my boy, you're a born reporter!
And, Darrin, you're not much behind.
Theodore Dodge found by two Blade reporters!
He did not reply with an intelligible word.
His eyes held only a vacant stare.
The doctors will want him, commented Chief Coy.
And we can't be hustling back a bit too soon.
Through the night, none had slept.
Anxiety had kept them all on the rack.
A trained nurse had to be sent for.
The young man simply could not remain in one spot.
We'll have to move away from Gridley, of course.
But the disgrace will follow us anywhere we may go.
Of course, I'm not in any way to blame.
No news of your father yet, I suppose?
We missed you a whole lot this morning, Bert.
asked young Dodge, brightening.
We're going to ignore the football call next week.
But they might beat us, retorted Bayliss dryly.
Bayliss, too, started and turned.
Dick Prescott and Dave Darrin found him!
shouted a score of urchins in the crowd.
Help them bring my father in, Bayliss!
Bert begged the crowd to go away quietly.
Great luck for you fellows, Prescott and Barren!
People in a crowd take sides quickly.
On Monday the bank examiner arrived.
And here the matter seemed to end.
We knew it was coming, declared Tom Reade.
Fremont was caught up as though by a cyclone.
commanded the principal sternly.
Send in the riot call, like you did last year!
Sound the assembling gong, if you please.
Bayliss and Fremont came in, joining the others.
It was in Dick Prescott's hands now.
Studies and recitations went on as usual.
Yes; out with it, old chap, begged Harry Hazelton.
But Dick Prescott smiled provokingly.
That item had been written by Prescott.
There could be no doubt about it in Reade's mind.
Dick wouldn't have written it, if it hadn't been.
ejaculated Tom, and hurried out into the street.
Bert read with reddening cheeks.
Grace, I believe you're laughing at me!
dared the young man exasperatedly.
I'm sorry, sighed the young woman.
Bert did not answer, but quit the house moodily.
Morning, Ripley, greeted Bayliss.
Are the fellows trying to send us to coventry?
Oh, well, muttered Bayliss, there are enough of us.
But I've had a pretty hot grilling at home by Dad.
I answered as evasively as I could.
asked Bayliss, with a half sneer.
He started out that way, replied Hudson.
Dad was primed to do most of the talking.
When he stopped for breath mother began.
It's all that confounded Dick Prescott's doings!
That's what I like to hear, put in Hudson dryly.
We can write a piece and get it put in The Mail.
And Dick Prescott writes for The Blade!
The reign of Coventry seemed complete.
At recess all the talk was of football.
I want to play football this year.
asked Clara Deane thoughtfully.
And there's Dalzell, Hazelton and Hanshew.
Yes; all muckers, nodded Dodge.
I don't know, grumbled Bayliss.
The name of each was called off by Bert.
And we're going to play some famous games.
But there was a choke in his throat.
Hudson was actually ascending the gym.
steps, and going up as though he meant business.
But Hudson met the look bravely.
Coach Morton heard, from another part of the gym.
Then Drayne, another sorehead, showed up.
Just think the way things have turned out.
We're going to have it this year!
There was a quick making up of the roll.
No excuses will be accepted for failure tomorrow.
Won't a doctor's certificate of illness go?
It will go---not, retorted coach.
Do not lose your copies of these rules.
Read the rules over again and again.
Above all, put every rule into absolute practice.
Something new you've gotten up, Mr. Morton?
No, the coach admitted promptly.
These rules aren't original with me.
I wish I had thought up a set of rules as good.
2. Work hard and learn the rules.
3. Work hard and learn the signals.
4. Work hard and keep on the jump.
5. Work hard and have a nose for the ball.
Be on speaking terms with the ball every minute.
8. Work hard and don't quit when you're tackled.
Get him before the going gets good.
Work hard and pull alone the man with the ball.
This isn't a game of solitaire.
Work hard and be on time at practice every day.
As the young men were leaving the gym.
That was clever newspaper work, Prescott.
And it has helped the school a lot.
With a confident nod the coach strolled away.
Oh, I say, now, don't keep it up, coaxed Bayliss.
I don't suppose the squad is full yet.
See the coach, then; he's running the squad.
Bayliss sauntered along, blithely whistling a tune.
asked the submaster pleasantly.
Isn't this a bit late, Bayliss?
asked the submaster, eyeing the youth keenly.
Perhaps, a bit, assented the confident young man.
asked Dick, halting for an instant.
There were tours of work in the gym., too.
Now, stop your joshing, ordered Dave promptly.
But that's just how I do it, Dick insisted.
demanded Dave, after following suit for some time.
Oh, about ninety seconds, I guess, nodded Prescott.
Except---yes; there's one thing more.
Go out of doors all you can without a hat.
were having the benefit of some outside training.
Nothing in it, Dick replied promptly.
We make a long night's sleep of it.
We've agreed on that, and have promised each other.
I---I---well, perhaps they're not, agreed Purcell.
Oh, observed Prescott, with mild sarcasm.
I do about everything just as I'm told.
You admit Mr. Morton's ability, don't you?
He spoke in a louder tone this time.
Why, yes, Prescott answered slowly.
One of the girls looked swiftly at the other.
Of course you are, nodded Dick.
You helped there, also, Purcell.
But, presently, Laura saw her chance.
You aren't playing football this year, Bert?
I---I don't believe I'd care to, Dodge went on.
But Laura showed not a sign in her face.
He fidgeted about for an answer.
It isn't, Bert rejoined hurriedly.
Mr. Prescott and Mr. Darrin are friends of ours.
Neither Dick nor Dave was in love.
Both were too sensible for that.
Other fellows are after your sweet-hearts.
I didn't know we had any sweethearts.
But others were noticing, and also talking.
But Laura Bentley was equal to the emergency.
begged Laura, in her usual pleasant voice.
The lesson was a needed and a remembered one.
Now, tackle the dummy around the hips---_hoist_!
Show us that you can beat your last performance!
He let Ripley get two or three feet in the lead.
In an instant the ball was down.
Second had gained less than a yard.
the coach shouted, after sounding the whistle.
Again second essayed to get away with the ball.
Ripley and Purcell were supporting him.
Dick was halted, for an instant.
As Dick came back he limped just a bit.
And now the practice was over for the afternoon.
Yes, replied Mr. Morton promptly.
Is the School eleven decided upon in detail?
We shall have it all decided within a few days.
The citizens followed, running and puffing.
Once outside, they all came upon a curious sight.
shouted one well-meaning citizen in the background.
The big fellow, with a bellow, aimed his fists.
There was a scuffle, but Coach Morton helped.
Then does football teach nerve?
Who was to be captain of the eleven?
Almost at once the murmuring stopped.
I don't wish to have the whole voice in the matter.
Now, whom do you propose for the post of captain?
Just for an instant the murmuring broke out afresh.
But that young man shook his head.
Now, listen to me a moment, fellows!
You'll make a good football captain!
shouted three or four of the squad at once.
Purcell nodded his head encouragingly.
Then tell the team why you think so.
He's believed to be our best man for center.
Yet he looked pleased and anxious.
There was a pause of indecision.
formed a substantial element in the team.
Second the motion, uttered Dan Dalzell, hastily.
And now the team was quickly made up.
Even as a sub, he had made the High School eleven.
Dick, I won't forget your great help!
In the first change there was a decided advantage.
The score was 32 to 0, in favor of Gridley.
That was well understood by them all.
It was not much after half-past three.
Save them for the biggest emergencies.
I'll be careful, promised Wadleigh.
As smooth as silk, Prescott replied.
Dick, whistling, strolled briskly on.
I can easily understand what they're sore about.
Still Dick Prescott paid no heed.
Too bad, retorted Dick tantalizingly.
Of course, I understand what ails you.
cried Bayliss, growing angrier every instant.
Once more he fumbled for his latch key.
cried Bayliss, in a voice hoarse with rage.
Bayliss would have been nothing loath to jump in.
asked Wadleigh, as the new arrivals hurried up.
Dodge was now standing well back.
Just for an instant Bayliss felt himself stumped.
Several boys and men had run down from Main Street.
piped up one boy from the Central Grammar School.
You couldn't have done anything else, then!
CHAPTER XIV THE STRATEGY OF A SCHOOL TRAITOR Rah!
It was but a little after noon on Saturday.
Many admirers had gathered about them.
Just then a hand rested on Dick's arm.
Let me speak with you, just a moment Prescott.
Anyone sick---any accident at home?
Team aboard, first day coach behind the smoker!
Laura and Belle did not hear or see this.
They were hurrying rearward along the train.
Dave Darrin was the only one to pay urgent heed.
Yes; but I can't help it, sighed the policeman.
We're not going---can't----- fluttered Darrin.
Keep your seats, you other fellows.
Dick gave his chum a push that was compelling.
What----- began Wadleigh, breathlessly.
I'll explain, panted Darrin angrily.
The train was now in full motion.
Und now I don't go me by dot game today!
Und I Couldn't lose dot game for ein dollar!
demanded Herr Schimmelpodt, looking bewildered.
That's a matter to be fixed in court.
Come along, lad, urged Hemingway gently.
On Saturdays court opens at one o'clock.
Yet please be careful not to scare Dad.
He has a horror of courts and criminal law.
Bert looked much the worse for wear.
Not the least in the world, Dick replied promptly.
Dick's father stood by in silence.
Is the case ready inquired the justice mildly.
I wish a moment's conference with my principals.
Smiling, Dick passed the message to his father.
Prescott himself does not deny it.
Maybe, assented Herr Schimmelpodt.
Ain't Fred Ripley the sneak, though!
We're off in time to see the game.
Then the ball was put swiftly into play.
In another instant----- Touchdown!
yelled the frantic Gridley boosters.
faltered Bayliss, with a sickly grin.
How did he ever get over here in time to play?
Herr Schimmelpodt could have told.
The first half went out with score unchanged.
Ripley was in togs, but was not playing.
So you other fellows look out for hard work.
Dick's eyes were still flashing.
He had also told how the case came out in court.
We'll have to give em the silence!
We'll take this up when we get back to Gridley.
The game became a sheer test of endurance.
Don't let them wind you, or stop you!
Fight for time, but don't throw any two-spots away.
The trick signal sounded from quarter-back's lips.
Why don't they use Prescott again?
Gridley's whole line switched for the left.
Truly the boosters were howling themselves hoarse.
There was frenzy on in an instant.
Just as the bunch clumped Dave Darrin went down.
Prescott, however, dodged that heavy fellow, also.
Captain Wadleigh nodded to Dave to kick the goal.
Captain Grant looked utterly wild.
Not even their weariness kept down their spirits.
Herr Schimmelpodt didn't attempt to enter quarters.
He was now too much of a sport to attempt that.
Oh, I don't know, growled Dodge sulkily.
What on earth are you driving at?
There are too many lonely spots along the road.
He might stand in for most anything.
Yet he didn't want to admit that he was scared.
Let's do it, then, begged the other.
I'll pay half, volunteered Bayliss eagerly.
Here, what are you fellows doing in here?
retorted Dodge, trying to shove into a vacant seat.
But Purcell gripped him and pushed him back.
A score of the Gridley youths now jumped up.
It looked as though there were going to be a riot.
We don't want to ride with this truck, anyway.
At once all the talk and laughter ceased.
One of the girls was sitting alone in a seat.
That seat is engaged, the girl coolly informed him.
So Bayliss, redder than ever, hurriedly rose.
Bert had already started for the next car.
Here, too, all the chatter stormed at once.
At least, I don't care if it is.
Bayliss had followed, white and silent.
Bert and Bayliss walked to school together.
I wonder if there's anything in for us?
Then, swiftly, all the noise died out.
One could hardly hear even a breath being drawn.
But the sound simply wouldn't come.
No one else touched them, or pushed them.
Never tackle the popular idol in any mob.
of the student body of the High School.
Coach Morton's authority was unbounded.
But an offending member couldn't resign.
One of these was the kicking of the ball.
And that man was Principal Cantwell!
There was no time for more warning.
and now came running to the spot.
Now, young gentlemen, who kicked that ball?
I did call out, sir, replied Dick.
What on earth does it mean, anyway?
It means to duck, sir, Prescott answered.
So was I---the time was so short.
All I could think of as to call out to you by name.
It's a shame, muttered Drayne, with mock sympathy.
That's what it is, agreed Dave Darrin innocently.
But----- Mr. Cantwell began to expostulate.
Then he stopped, very suddenly.
muttered Dick, in a tone of genuine regret.
challenged Hudson, with a grin.
Well, I am sorry it happened, Dick insisted.
I know it, but that hardly lessens my regret.
Prescott said he didn't know I was there!
exclaimed Mr. Cantwell angrily to himself.
Such a handsome hat---eight dollars!
It's wonderful what training does for a fellow!
We won't lose em, though, rejoined Tom Reade.
It seemed impossible to score against this enemy.
In the first half there was no score.
If we go to college, replied Dick slowly.
I wonder if you two could keep a secret?
cried Laura, in a gratified tone.
inquired Belle, as neither boy spoke.
That means a cadetship from this district.
So you're both going to try for it?
Dick and I don't want to be rivals.
asked Belle, glancing curiously at Darrin.
replied Dave, looking mischievously mysterious.
Yes, nodded Dick; do you think it's foolish?
Oh, the Navy is all right, gibed Dick.
It would never suit me, though.
It's too much like being a Cook's tourist war time.
But where can a naval officer hide?
I don't know, replied Dick gravely.
But I hope you're right, Laura.
I try to be generous in my opinions of others.
That's very kind of you, nodded Dave.
Well, don't you two play football, demanded Laura.
What----- Where's the crowd rushing!
demanded Belle, in the same breath.
There's some trouble down the street!
Fire had started in back on the second floor.
Is everyone out of that building?
demanded the policeman on the beat, rushing up.
But her face disappeared from the window way.
wailed one woman in the throng, wringing her hands.
He was now rushing to another alarm box.
I---I guess the---heat and smoke got me!
Where was that fire department?
yelled some one, in infectious enthusiasm.
All of you but Dave run through the offices!
Some of the tenants must have fire-rope coils.
So he continued to the front of the roof.
shouted some of the most enthusiastic watchers.
But Dick paid no heed to the crowd.
yelled Dave, in a stentorian quarter-deck voice.
Tom flung the coil of rope below, then followed it.
Wait, then, and I'll tie some knots in it.
Miss Dodge may be smothering, or burning.
Now, brace yourselves, fellows!
The grand old chap has landed on the window-sill!
cried Dave, turning to his comrades.
He thumped his chest lightly, taking deep breaths.
I'm afraid she's a goner, already!
thought Dick, with a great surge of compassion.
Dick made a signal that Dave understood perfectly.
Now groans of horror went up from the street.
It was the rope, which Dave had lowered for him.
He had been waiting for that tug on the rope.
From below there was no answer.
Something uncanny has happened, down there!
Cut it, retorted Darrin briskly.
Then he let it fall until it hung close to Darrin.
A cry of terror went up from the spectators below.
Tom Reade carefully swung the rope back again.
bellowed Tom Reade, making a trumpet of his hands.
Darrin answered only by a tug on the rope.
Then he hung in mid air as the hoisting began.
At that moment a new sound cane on the air.
His shoes were almost licked by the red tongues.
Thank heaven we've got you up here, old fellow!
Darrin's orders were quickly carried out.
He pulled himself over the edge.
Stand by to catch the rope, Dan, shouted Dave.
That rope was over the edge and in Dan's hands.
Grace was soon in a position of safety.
Now, we'll haul you up, called down Reade.
Two of you will have to tote Dick.
But Dave's hand, held up, acted as a silencer.
They have courage enough for anything!
The football squad was gloomy enough, however.
Most of the fellows who were togging were uneasy.
demanded Drayne, coming up behind them.
He spoke authoritatively, yet coaxingly, too.
Hang it, I'm sorry I agreed to play.
Drayne can be bought off cheaply, can't he?
Oh, well, never mind I'll cure your grouch, then!
I'm not going to need this pair, Drayne rejoined.
Street shoes will do for me today.
I've heard enough knocking, grumbled Drayne.
Prescott was known not to be fit to play.
Drayne knew when he had the advantage of them.
Several looked blankly at Hen Wadleigh.
Drayne heard and it was balm to his soul.
He started to pull off his football trousers.
Outside, the band started upon a lively gallop.
It started in as a Gridley cheer.
He hadn't intended to let the matter go this far.
Who is your best man for left end, captain?
You've got to decide like a flash.
Your men ought to be out in the air now.
cried Mr. Morton, gripping the boy's palm.
That's the right spirit of grit and loyalty.
But it wouldn't be right to let you do it.
Coach Morton stated Prescott's request.
Will you examine me, sirs insisted Prescott.
Strip to the waist, he ordered tersely.
Now, take a full breath and hold it.
The young man recovers with great rapidity.
But I haven't said that I passed you.
Dick, however, feigned not to hear this.
No, replied Dr. Bentley hesitatingly.
Men have been known to die of grief.
I'm glad you've been looking ahead, Captain.
The Gridley spirit possessed him.
Prescott, after all, on left end!
Another touchdown must soon result.
Then, like a flash, the trick dawned.
It's putting nerve into all of us, rejoined Hudson.
Now, the play was swift and brilliant.
Darrin immediately after made a kick for goal.
Slug's the word, Pike passed around, swiftly.
No fouling, but use your weight, dash and speed.
Remember your record so far this season!
Forceful playing, but keep cool.
And Gridley had the ball again.
Battles haf been won in less than eight minutes.
It was a splendid fight, but a losing one.
Keep your music on, called the leader.
The play was quicker and snappier than ever.
groaned the Gridley spectators, watches in hand.
That sign meant: Emergency signal code!
Now, he dashed into the race of his life!
Just what it was none of the spectators could see.
That was the question that all asked themselves.
Dave made the kick, and lost it---but who cared?
Filmore swallowed its chagrin and went home.
Youth is the period of quick recovery.
work, and a cross-country run three times a week.
That was what saved the score for us.
So he did not hasten back on that account.
Their splendid conduct demands it.
I am afraid my wife will oppose it, however.
agree to accept anything whatever.
Prin., too, may yet come in for some attention.
in leading a charge in battle, if need be.
Leading the Athletic Vanguard_.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
HELEN THURWELL'S SUSPICIONS VIII.
LEVY & SON, PRIVATE AGENTS XII.
BERNARD MADDISON AND HELEN THURWELL XVIII.
THURWELL MAKES SOME INQUIRIES XXVIII.
SIR ALLAN BEAUMERVILLE VISITS THE COURT XXIX.
A STRANGE TRIO OF PASSENGERS XXXIII.
There was life in the breathless air.
She turned round with a somewhat languid greeting.
Burdett says they are the finest he ever raised.
He shook his head, with a little grimace.
I wonder if there is anything in the letters.
Who do you think is coming home?
She was not in the least curious.
Sir Geoffrey Kynaston is coming back.
After all, she was a little interested.
Time he settled down, if he means to at all.
I don't know what to do here, he remarked.
I wish I'd never thought of letting it!
It would be a great deal better occupied, surely!
But, you know that fellow Chapman, of Mallory?
But, on the other hand, I don't want to offend him.
Not unless I do let it to some one.
But are there no other applications?
Let me see the letter, she said.
He passed it over the table to her.
I may add that I am a bachelor, living alone.
Why not telegraph to his solicitors?
Morton shall ride over to Mallory at once.
I'm glad you thought of it, Helen.
The first was from the bankers.
The other one was from his lawyers.
asked Mr. Thurwell, undecidedly.
I don't like the end of this last telegram.
Douglas shall write him to-morrow.
Helen Thurwell exclaimed suddenly.
There was a little murmur of satisfaction.
Rachel Kynaston declared, getting up from her seat.
As a matter of choice, I prefer the former.
For once his subordinates had not failed him.
James, get the other chairs out of the wagon.
I meant to ask you before, Helen, she exclaimed.
Helen Thurwell looked across at it indifferently.
He calls himself Mr. Brown--Mr.
Really, I haven't the least idea, she declared.
I do not even know what he is like.
Papa called upon him, but he was out.
Rachel Kynaston looked at them fixedly.
One, two, three, four, five, she counted.
We've made a big bag for only three guns.
Sir Geoffrey was in capital form.
Groves, open a bottle of Heidseck.
What's become of Sir Geoffrey Kynaston, Heggs?
he asked, turning round to one of the gamekeepers.
They glanced across the moor toward Falcon's Nest.
No; he wouldn't do that, he said.
He was as keen about getting here as any of us.
He'll turn up all right; Geoffrey always does.
Rachel Kynaston was the first to recover herself.
Had Sir Geoffrey a dog with him, Heggs?
I saw her at heel when he left us.
Then something has happened to him!
There was no one left to answer him.
Still she held on her way bravely.
He tried again to prevent her, but she eluded him.
A few rapid steps and she had gained the corner.
She struggled on a few steps nearer.
she could see more plainly now.
It was Sir Geoffrey--Sir Geoffrey Kynaston.
I sent Lathon---- I will know--what it is.
But here was something quite different.
Her voice first broke the deep, awed stillness.
Her words were like a sudden awakening to them all.
The fire in her tone had dissolved their torpor.
I will go up Falcon's Hill and look round.
He has gone on to take Rachel home, she answered.
But there was no fear of this now.
She would never have to shrink away from him again.
Time became purely relative to her.
The tension of those moments was horrible.
She made a great effort, and rose to her feet.
It was her father's tenant, Mr. Bernard Brown.
He advanced rapidly, and stood by her side.
It was almost as though he had known all about it.
You have heard of it, I suppose?
In that position his face was hidden from her.
He rose deliberately to his feet.
He was grave, but perfectly composed.
How is it that you are alone here?
He did not look as though he shared her regret.
He seemed to have forgotten her presence.
I have heard of him abroad, he said.
Sir Geoffrey Kynaston was a man with a reputation.
He bowed his head, and was silent.
She followed his eyes, wondering.
She looked up at him as she spoke.
There is some one coming, he said.
Certainly this was no unfeeling man.
Have you thought us long, Helen?
her father exclaimed anxiously.
They all watched his brief examination.
he exclaimed in a shocked tone.
It was a strong, cruel arm that drove that home.
Nothing can be done, of course.
He rose from his knees and looked around.
What is to be done with the body?
Sir Geoffrey Kynaston, did you say it was?
She is not far away, Mr. Thurwell said.
Lathon went back to look for her.
We were afraid that she might follow us here.
Who lives in that queer-looking place yonder?
That is where I live, Mr. Brown said slowly.
His back was turned upon the celebrated physician.
Helen, you must go home now, he said firmly.
I would rather stay, she said quietly.
Sir Allan Beaumerville looked at her curiously.
Mr. Thurwell, too, was surprised.
Mr. Thurwell scarcely recognized his own daughter.
None of them ever forgot that walk.
Solemn thoughts and silence came over all of them.
They, too, walked along in unbroken silence.
He raised his dark eyes and looked at her.
I scarcely know, she said hesitatingly.
It is the sort of thing one feels, and feels only.
The exquisite beauty of the earth denies it!
I pin my faith to a great analogy.
The dreamy speculation had gone from her eyes.
The fire of her former purpose had returned.
Yes, I would, he answered fervently.
How do you know that he was wicked?
I heard of him abroad--many years ago.
Will you excuse me, Miss Thurwell.
I must hurry on and open the door for them.
He walked swiftly on, leaving her alone.
The others came to a halt before the open door.
They stood on the threshold and looked in.
Nor was there any servant about.
She stepped back into the hall, and listened.
They were all too deeply engrossed to think of her.
She was very pale, and very resolute.
It opened at once, and she stepped inside.
Supposing she were discovered here?
It yielded easily to her touch.
She had gone too far to draw back now.
She looked back into the room again.
She made a quick motion forward.
Her cheeks burned, and her heart beat fast.
It was Mr. Brown, at last, who spoke.
The head is perfect, is it not?
Some day I should like to show you my Guido.
are you an enthusiast, Miss Thurwell?
Surely, that is a genuine Velasquez, Mr. Brown.
Fancy coming across such a treasure here!
Don't, she interrupted, almost beseechingly.
Mr. Brown, you were very good to me just then.
It was clear that she felt her position acutely.
Pray say no more about it, he begged earnestly.
It isn't worth a second thought.
She raised her eyes slowly, and looked at him.
Supposing it should be a forced composure.
The action of the mind is instantaneous.
She offered him no explanation whatever.
It was very good of you, she repeated.
And now I must go and look for my father.
The dagger is our only clue as yet--except this.
Never the latter; he told himself sadly.
He knew at once that it was Helen Thurwell.
They were both equally surprised.
Yet she did not shrink from him.
I am a trespasser, I fear, he said hesitatingly.
It leads nowhere but to the Court.
It is a favorite walk of mine, he said.
He glanced down at it, and then up at her again.
We spend a good deal of time out of doors together.
For the first time his expression changed.
but that is because you have not tried, then.
It was odd how greatly she was surprised in him.
She had imagined him to be a cynic.
May I give you an illustration?
It is a question of waiting long enough.
So it is with what people call mysticism in poetry.
Was this the face and the tongue of a murderer?
I shall like to think over what you have said.
Her words seemed to bring him back to his old self.
He stooped down and picked up his cap.
You are going back to the Court?
It was not one of Turner's wild sunsets.
Thus much she could do, but no more.
For the instant, all was blotted out.
And therefore they are very precious, he answered.
That sounds like a paradox, but it isn't!
There is something sweet in that, is there not?
But it is not like that with you, she said quickly.
For a moment he had thrown off his mask.
Anything rather than that awful silence.
Twice she moved her white lips, but no sound came.
The power of articulation seemed gone.
The grasp on his arm tightened.
she asked in a firm, hard tone.
Her words fell sharp and clear upon the still air.
You are joking, of course, Miss Thurwell?
You do not mean that seriously?
She caught her breath, and looked at him.
He was deathly pale, but calm and composed.
He had conquered himself just in time.
it should come, she told herself.
Who are those men coming up the hill?
On the slope of the hill were three men.
Your father is one, he said quietly.
The other two are strangers to me.
The memory of that hideous crime left her.
What was going to happen eclipsed everything else.
She glanced at the man by her side.
His face was absolutely impenetrable.
His composure was simply wonderful.
Such great self-restraint was almost unnatural.
But I have a further confession to make.
Only a few stray words reached her.
she heard Mr. Brown say earnestly.
However did you come here, Helen?
So far, we have been wretched neighbors.
Thank you, but I never go out, Mr. Brown answered.
I have not even any clothes here.
So---- Please come, Mr. Brown, she said softly.
They were making no stranger of Mr. Brown.
You will find some in the silver box by your side.
He did as he was bidden in silence.
CHAPTER X THE TRAGEDY OF RACHEL KYNASTON.
She moved her screen and looked at him.
But to-night she would have for her own.
But they are not human ones, and man is human.
It should be the healthiest of all lives.
It is only in theory that solitude is morbid.
I am not a pessimist--at least, I try not to be.
But there must be some exceptions!
Love is the derision of the modern world.
For several minutes there was deep silence.
It all seemed to increase her wrath.
You speak in riddles, Rachel, she said quietly.
Listen, and I will make it plain.
You were engaged to marry my brother.
A seal seemed set upon his lips.
A fearful glare of triumph blazed up in her eyes.
It is a fit, some one murmured.
Description given, payment--tick!
I couldn't do anything of the sort!
exclaimed the old gentleman testily.
The old gentleman seemed mollified.
There's something in that, of course.
asked the little old gentleman in an awed tone.
Ben drew himself up and smiled.
He was just as affable as you like.
Ben, we're in luck this morning.
Please arrange to be in at that time.
Something in it, I think, Benjamin, eh?
Lady signs herself Miss Thurwell!
Where the mischief have I heard that name lately.
I don't like it; I don't like it at all.
And now, what have you got to say?
Mr. Levy, senior, shook his head doubtfully.
There was something queer about it.
I could stand a cross-examination in it now.
There seemed to be no escape from it.
She must act, and must act for herself.
She knew exactly what his point of view would be.
She could not part with the responsibility.
The shadow of it lay upon her, and her alone.
She must act herself or not at all.
The commencement was very difficult.
After all, had she done wisely in coming here?
There was Mr. Morris's jewels, you know.
Our reputation is doubtless known to her.
But we like to know everything.
They have so many other things to attend to.
Undoubtedly, assented Mr. Levy, senior, gravely.
Not unless you know something fresh.
You read all about it, I suppose?
Yes; such things interest us, naturally.
What is your idea about it, then?
She could not help a slight start.
She answered him without hesitation.
Mr. Benjamin remained perfectly unmoved.
Mr. Benjamin looked away and made a note.
Do you mind telling us your reasons?
Mr. Benjamin interrupted quickly.
He seemed to know something of this too.
Can you tell me anything at all of his antecedents?
We knew nothing about him when he came.
But he was your father's tenant, was he not?
Then he gave you some references, I suppose?
Mr. Benjamin made a note of both.
By Mr. Brown and Sir Allan Beaumerville.
I cannot say that he looked alarmed.
Are you prepared to spend a good deal of money?
Then I will give you a sketch of my plans.
Perhaps you would be so good as to sign this, then?
She took the pen, and wrote her name at the bottom.
Can I call and see you to-morrow morning there?
He bowed, and held the door open for her.
Let me ask you a question, Mr. Levy.
Doubtless you have formed some idea concerning it.
Would you mind telling it to me?
She shuddered slightly, and turned away.
he cried, patting him gently on the shoulder.
The first step she had already taken.
The thought sent a shiver through her.
At that moment she hated herself.
You do not mind speaking to me, Miss Thurwell?
Come, I will walk with you as far as Falcon's Nest.
She was not by any means emancipated.
The new woman would have been a horror to her.
The girls were dull, and the men bucolic.
What that change meant she was slow to discover.
This was the whole meaning of the change in her.
Are you afraid of being robbed?
Yes, that is so, he answered quietly.
Could it be that he was going to confess to her?
There was no light anywhere in the house.
It had a cold desolate look which chilled her.
Is that the room where you sit?
Then who is with you in the house?
At present, no one, he answered.
She was taken ill, and went home this morning.
I haven't thought about it yet, he answered.
Now, be so good as to obey me at once.
What though he were courting another sorrow!
Could his state be worse than it was?
You are very good to me, Miss Thurwell, he said.
That is sensible of you, she answered.
Get your coat, and you can catch me up.
She turned away with a shudder.
she said; that sound makes me melancholy.
Nature is an exquisite musician.
Tell me the whole reason, she said abruptly.
I had a vow to keep, he answered hoarsely.
I cannot bear this any longer, she cried.
I must ask you a question, and you must answer it.
The thought of it all is driving me mad.
For God's sake, ask me nothing!
You shall not go, she answered.
What could hesitation mean but guilt?
Something seemed to have turned him to stone.
When she raised them he was gone.
I wonder if she was in earnest!
I have been looking for you everywhere.
but I didn't mean only for my own sake.
How good of you to think of me!
Mr. Carlyon smiled at her sudden enthusiasm.
After all, this woman had fire.
She was too much of the artist to be without it.
He is not here now, but he will be.
Lately I have been reading him a great deal.
It has only one fault--there is so little of it.
I am looking forward to introducing him to you.
I shall like it very much, she answered simply.
asked a pleasant voice close to her side.
You have returned, then, Sir Allan?
she said, looking up at him with a smile.
What an epicure you are, Sir Allan!
She followed his eyes, riveted upon the door.
The artist was the first to recover himself.
You would like to change your seat, he whispered.
Come with me into the recess yonder.
I will show you some engravings.
There was no fear of her fainting now.
She was very pale, but she seemed quite calm.
I am going to speak to Maddison, he said quietly.
Do you--may I bring him and introduce him to you?
She looked up at him with luminous eyes.
Don't tell him my name, though.
It shall be as you wish, he answered.
He was the same, and yet there was a difference.
Helen drew back trembling with expectancy.
No, don't tell him that, she said.
Yes, I remember it, he said slowly.
I will tell him, Mr. Carlyon answered.
Yes, a terrible affair, Mr. Maddison repeated.
And have you just come from ----shire?
Sir Allan appeared a little more interested.
I think not, Mr. Maddison answered.
You will go into the country then, I suppose.
That is my intention, was the quiet reply.
But Sir Allan took it very nicely, everybody said.
It was his own fault, he declared.
A Farewell, you called it, I think?
There was very little change in his face.
I am ready, Mr. Maddison answered quietly.
After all, she thought, why should it be otherwise?
Tell me a little of yourself, she said evasively.
You have been traveling, have you not?
Yes, I have been traveling a little!
Your father received my letter, I suppose?
Are you ever coming to take possession again?
I hope so--some day--and yet I do not know.
Life has no goal for me--it cannot have.
I stand for ever on the brink of a precipice.
Are they sorrows which you can tell to no one?
You have taken up another's burden, she said.
There are others who can do my work, he said.
No other can----But forgive me.
I wish to talk of this no more.
Tell me of your life since I left you.
And, gathering up all her courage, she told him.
And as she went on he grew sad.
I am in terrible disgrace, I can assure you!
The fault was mine, he interposed, altogether mine.
I'm afraid there's rather a crush.
I will come and see you, he whispered.
I wonder who Mr. Maddison really is?
Lady Thurwell shrugged her shoulders.
Do you mean who his family are?
My dear, it isn't of the slightest consequence.
But Helen was not thinking of his family.
We must get some more tin from Miss Thurwell.
We must certainly have some more of the rhino.
Positively tears, he echoed mournfully.
You said that our fortune was made.
And who'll get the credit of it all?
Mr. Benjamin's enthusiasm was catching.
When will the time come, Benjamin?
A month to-day, I hope, was the prompt reply.
inquired the old gentleman uneasily.
Mr. Benjamin looked at him, and shook his head.
It is, Benjamin, his father groaned.
Couldn't it be done without it, Ben?
he inquired, in a wheedling tone.
There's piles of money gone already in expenses.
We could charge it, you know--charge it always.
Helen advanced into the room, and lifted her veil.
I'm glad you've come this morning, Miss Thurwell.
Take no more money from Miss Thurwell!
I knew that, Mr. Benjamin remarked quietly.
I found that out very soon, of course.
Author, and all that sort of thing, isn't he?
Well, go on, Miss Thurwell, please.
Mr. Benjamin looked ingenuously perplexed.
I wish nothing further done in the matter.
Mr. Benjamin's face was a study.
Helen began to feel still more uncomfortable.
Mr. Benjamin shook his head slowly.
It's very simple, he went on gravely.
What you ask me to do is to suppress this.
That is the moral side of the question.
I think I've expressed it fairly, father?
What a son this was of his, he thought.
Cannot you take money to withdraw from it?
Mr. Benjamin appeared to be somewhat moved thereby.
Miss Thurwell will not mind excusing us.
When they returned, they both looked very solemn.
Quite so, quite so, interrupted Mr. Levy.
A great risk, and a great disappointment!
Then Mr. Benjamin's exultation broke out.
You were right, my son, he exclaimed.
We will go together and cash the cheque.
He was on his way to Falcon's Nest.
There was no light, no single sign of habitation.
Stooping down, he suddenly tried the handle.
He withdrew the key with trembling fingers.
He walked quickly up the path to the front door.
Here a greater shock still awaited him.
He tried the handle, and the door opened.
Everything was silent as the grave.
There was no longer room for any doubt.
The house had been opened during his absence.
Everything here was exactly as he had left it.
There was no longer any doubt whatever.
At that moment those things were a joy to him.
Was he not human like other men?
The love of such a man was no light thing.
No death, no annihilation was possible for it.
There was no chance for him against it.
Death on such terms he would not willingly have.
Effort followed swiftly upon thought.
He grasped it, and he was saved.
After death was peace for everlasting.
But there were few invitations more sought after.
Altogether, the idea was a great success for him.
A servant appeared almost immediately.
the servant inquired before quitting the room.
Certainly not, Sir Allan answered, yawning.
Has anyone been inquiring for me?
Gentleman, sir--at least, I think so.
Ask him his name, Sir Allan directed.
He preferred to pick it up himself.
You can show Mr. Brown in here, Morton, he added.
I may as well see what he wants.
Mr. Brown, he said, I am very pleased to see you.
Sir Allan's was placid, courteous, and inquiring.
I wish you'd sit down, my dear fellow!
I wish you'd sit down to it, though.
They haven't caught the man yet, I suppose?
Sir Allan shrugged his fine shoulders.
I will explain, Mr. Brown interrupted quietly.
I scarcely see the connection yet, he said suavely.
No other person is mentioned or alluded to in them.
Still, I have come; and, as I am here, give it me.
In a word, then--bolt, said Sir Allan laconically.
I don't see anything else to do.
Sir Allan remarked, looking at his watch.
I will not detain you much longer, Mr. Brown said.
asked Sir Allan, with a shrug of the shoulders.
She'll go right enough if you ask her.
Sir Allan shrugged his shoulders lightly.
Mr. Brown looked steadily into the other's face.
Sir Allan met his gaze blandly.
Mr. Brown hesitated for a moment.
If only Sir Allan's companion had been a patient!
Why, is that really you, Mr. Maddison!
Helen, do you see Mr. Maddison?
Lady Thurwell broke into a little laugh.
He bowed with a faint smile upon his lips.
I will come whenever you ask me!
We shall be bored to death alone.
I shall be delighted, he answered at once.
About eight o'clock, I suppose?
It was a curious position to be in.
The slight nervousness had quite left him.
Was even this to be denied him?
He was scarcely surprised at this visit.
Call me a hansom, Grey, will you?
The positions between them were entirely reversed.
I was taken by surprise, Sir Allan continued.
Then why do you linger here for one moment?
I shall make no attempt to escape.
No one whatever as yet, he said shortly.
If I am free to-morrow, I shall go to Italy.
A sudden change swept into Sir Allan's face.
They parted without another word.
We do a great deal too much, aunt, she said.
I am almost coming round to my father's opinion.
London life does not suit him at all.
I think your father a very wise man, he answered.
He seeks his pleasures in a more wholesome manner.
I am not willing to be its judge, he answered.
I adore the perfume of them, and so does Helen.
Do you know, I like this, Helen said softly.
He looked at her reproachfully.
You have read much, and you have thought.
At that moment, if never before, he knew the truth.
The setting of the picture, too, was perfect.
Come and talk to me, she said softly.
He made one last despairing effort.
Life had neither background nor prospect.
She, too, had begun to realize.
Tell me one thing, she said softly.
he whispered passionately, my darling!
A spasm of pain passed across her face.
Her one thought was, could she buy those papers?
If all her fortune could do it, it should be given.
Only let him never know, and let him be safe!
Bernard, she whispered softly, I am not afraid.
It is very terrible, but it cannot alter anything.
Love cannot come and go at our bidding.
Helen, you must, he said hoarsely.
No power in this world can alter or change it.
She looked at the clock, and gave a little start.
Bernard, it is nearly eleven o'clock, she cried.
We must go into the drawing-room at once.
She drew them out and placed them in his hand.
Then I must seek it, he answered, smiling.
Then you may go, Bernard, she whispered.
Take this with you, and think of me sometimes.
she asked, her clasp tightening upon his arm.
He shook his head, and looked down at her fondly.
Curiosity at length culminated in speech.
What was you thinking, Benjamin, my son?
There is nothing fresh, is there?
It was the Thurwell affair I was thinking of.
Take care of them, Benjamin, take care of them.
They was worth their weight in gold to us.
There's only one thing, dad, that puzzles me a bit.
What is it, Benjamin--what is it?
It is not you I fear, Bernard, so much as him!
Mr. Levy listened, and nodded approvingly.
All is plain there, Benjamin, I think.
It is not for you I fear, Bernard, so much as him.
Tut, tut, that's simple enough, he declared.
He's off, was the prompt reply.
Get me a cab, and go to the office for your money.
A fifty-pound note from the safe, quick.
Mr. Levy gave it to him with trembling fingers.
I've changed my mind about them.
Sell, repeated Mr. Levy, surprised.
I thought that that was what we were not to do.
I'll leave it to you to make the bargain.
Well, well, Benjamin, we'll say nothing about that.
Suppose we say five thousand the lowest, eh?
And how long shall you be away?
Mr. Benjamin laughed contemptuously.
The letters aren't worth twopence to us.
I wonder if she's going with him.
Both were very well satisfied--Mr.
Are you sure that you won't come?
Helen spent the evening as she had planned to.
She knew that he would like it best.
So I should imagine, remarked Lady Thurwell.
Now, tell me all about this evening.
Don't look so startled, please.
Town is very nice, but I like the country best.
Not quite, aunt, Helen answered, smiling.
Lady Thurwell considered for a full minute.
There'll be no mourning on my account.
Her secret was too precious to part with--yet.
She had nothing to do but to wait.
The last year had dealt strangely with her.
Did he not do his work properly?
I think--he had an object, she answered slowly.
At least, I should have been consulted.
And may I ask why I was kept in ignorance?
He softened a little, and resumed his seat.
She was certainly very contrite.
Mr. Thurwell moved a little uneasily in his chair.
He did not find out anything, then?
To tell the truth, I was not interested.
It is not true, she answered in a low firm tone.
Mr. Thurwell shrugged his shoulders.
Still, I'd rather he did not come back here again.
He's coming down here, Mr. Thurwell said.
Of course we shall be very pleased.
It was so unlike Sir Allan to leave town in May.
Her cheeks burned at the very thought.
After all, it was most improbable.
Something seemed to have aged him.
But I'm afraid you'll soon be bored.
I'm not afraid of that, Sir Allan answered quietly.
Besides, my excuse was not altogether a fiction.
And there are no rumors, no suspicions?
Mr. Thurwell looked at his guest wonderingly.
His tone sounded a little cold.
But what's become of him I don't know.
No, he didn't go as far as that.
By the bye, you know every one, Beaumerville.
Sir Allan threw away his cigarette, and rose.
Miss Helen promised us a little music, didn't she?
If you are ready, shall we go and remind her?
Evidently his guest has no taste for horrors.
It was far better this way than the other.
At the summit she paused and looked around.
And it was so to a certain extent with Helen.
All the rest of the cottage was in black darkness.
A few yards away she paused and looked in.
There was the sound of footsteps inside.
She stepped behind a bush and waited.
A strange bewilderment was creeping over her.
There was no other fastening, and the door opened.
He stepped inside, and carefully reclosed it.
It was a picture of luxuriant overgrowth.
The grass on the lawns had become almost a jungle.
It came at last--what he was waiting for.
Can you not see that it is morning?
All night long I have sat here watching for you.
Did I not tell you that I would not have you go?
Nevertheless, I have been, she answered lightly.
She looked at him steadily, and yawned in his face.
You are in a bad temper, I fear, she said.
Go and keep your assignations from another roof.
Mine has sheltered your intrigues long enough!
It is cruel of you to expect it.
If you want to scold, you can do so to-morrow.
What is the boy, or what am I to you?
Still she did not seem to understand.
Listen to me one moment, she said.
Did I ever pretend to care for books and solitude?
Ask yourself how you have kept that promise.
Will you stand aside and let me pass?
You have made me what I shall be, she said.
Still Bernard Maddison made no movement.
A dreary time it had indeed been.
But his lesson was not taught him at one of them.
Was it well for him or ill, he wondered.
Well, it surely would have been....
CHAPTER XXXI BENJAMIN LEVY WRITES HOME _June 10th_.
Old England for me is my motto!
I'm on the right tack and no mistake.
Round the corner of his path, thank goodness!
and seemed as though she were going to faint.
He said nothing, but he seemed fearfully upset.
I kept crouched down behind a shrub and listened.
Bernard, it was at Thurwell Court.
It seemed just as though it were done to spite me.
He catches hold of her and sings out for help.
I called out, as though I didn't know my way.
Pretty soon I had found out everything I wanted to.
Nearly twenty years ago the lady--Mrs.
That's what I call charity, real charity, dad!
Don't know what you think about it.
We can, however, follow the story a little further.
All this looks very simple, doesn't it?
Simply because that isn't quite my game.
You remember the artist I told you about.
The game is serious now and no mistake.
You go at nine o'clock, Bernard?
Do not trouble about it, mother, he said.
That is a strange speech, Bernard.
Even so futile is my power over memory.
Tell me--something about her, Bernard.
It is farewell between us now, Bernard, then?
Bernard, it is bad for his wife then.
And if it is all denied to her, what is she to do?
Bernard, you will remember all this!
Every word, mother, he answered.
Helen would thank you if she had been here.
If she will come, I shall die happy, she murmured.
But not against her will or without knowing all.
CHAPTER XXXIII VISITORS FOR MR.
The first was from Benjamin Levy to his father.
Ascertain Miss Thurwell's address.
He lit a cigarette, and sent for a hansom.
This was no scene, no hour for sad thoughts.
And suddenly he stood face to face with her.
They stood face to face, their hands clasped.
There was no horizon, no background.
And then again there was silence.
It seemed to him that it might have lasted forever.
Her tongue seemed hung with sudden weights.
You remember those dying words of Rachel Kynaston?
I have never forgotten them, he answered simply.
I told myself that it was a sacred charge.
I will not let you go unless you forgive me.
He looked down at her in silence.
His cheeks were pale and his eyes were grave.
Only tell me this: you do not doubt me now?
God forgive me that I have ever doubted you!
He kissed her once more and opened his arms.
How long might not his next absence be!
That is very pretty, she answered.
And now you are here, are you going to stay?
Until the end, he said solemnly.
You know, Helen, that I am in deadly peril.
She would tell him of them presently.
His great name would protect him from suspicion.
Don't look so ashamed, he said, smiling faintly.
What is it you were going to tell me about him?
No one so much as I am, she whispered softly.
Bernard, I must tell you something about papa.
Has he been exercising a landlord's privilege, too?
I didn't say that he suspected.
You must make friends with him, you know.
Very well, love, I will come then, he said.
He'll be very pleased to have you, she said simply.
A few words from me will be quite enough.
There is your father coming round from the stables.
They met him face to face in the hall.
So he held out his hand without hesitation.
We began to fear that you had deserted us, he said.
You know your way about, don't you?
My gamekeeper wants to speak to me for a moment.
He crossed the hall, and entered his own room.
I expect you to like my room, sir, she said softly.
It is like you, he answered; it is perfect.
Of course you will stop with us.
I have made up my mind where to put you.
Dressing will be a farce for me, he remarked.
Oh, we'll forgive you, she laughed.
That was quite as it should be.
He was alone only for a few minutes.
The rooms were the finest in the house.
It is perfect, he answered quietly.
I had no idea that Thurwell was so old.
No time for compliments, sir, she said, laughing.
At the sound of the opening door, he turned round.
You know Mr. Maddison, don't you?
Then he rose and bowed slightly.
I have that pleasure, he said quietly.
Mr. Maddison is a neighbor of yours, is he not?
There was no lack of conversation then.
I am but just come back from such a one, he said.
I wonder if I could describe it.
It is the face, the form of a martyr and an angel.
Guido would have given the world for such a face.
We are all interested, Helen said softly.
Every one looked toward the door.
Just outside were two dark figures.
she cried, it is I who have done this thing.
They shall not take you from me--they shall not!
I am Bernard Maddison, he said quietly.
I am ready to go with you at once, he answered.
The sooner we get away the better.
He felt a hand on his arm, and turned round.
As it is, I can only express my regret.
I think that the charge is absurd.
In any case, please reckon me amongst your friends.
You must go now, but it will not be for long.
Kiss me, Bernard, she said softly.
We should have told you everything to-morrow.
Promise me that, and I will be brave.
If you do not, I shall break my heart.
Dearest, she whispered, it will all come right.
Wish me good-by now, or rather, _au revoir_.
My guardians will be getting impatient.
What little there is to be said, I will say myself.
But there will be time to consider that.
I am quite prepared for that, he answered.
Helen had fainted in her chair.
Sir Allan Beaumerville had apparently disappeared.
Keep up your spirits, Maddison.
Good night, Maddison, good night!
he said, looking round languidly.
Yes, he's gone, he answered shortly.
The man is innocent; I'm sure of it.
Sir Allan shrugged his shoulders.
You have heard of this matter, I suppose?
he inquired, as they shook hands.
Yes, Mr. Thurwell answered gravely.
I am afraid you will, Mr. Thurwell answered.
I shall not sit myself; I am prejudiced.
The general impatience was doomed to be aggravated.
Detective Robson stepped forward, and was sworn.
But he restrained it immediately.
Forgive me if I seem to dwell so much upon this.
What could avail against such evidence as this?
You need send no lawyer to me, he answered.
Innocent he must therefore be proved.
At home Helen was eagerly waiting for the news.
Still, we must hope for the best.
But he obeyed, and told her everything.
And then there was a long silence.
It was the afternoon he went botanizing.
She wrung her hands, and turned away in despair.
A telegram for Miss Thurwell, sir, he said.
When are the assizes at York, father?
The youth nodded, and jerked his head backwards.
Stale news, he remarked shortly.
May be I did, was the cool reply.
And yet you have let them be beforehand with us!
If this was to be done, why did we not do it?
Leave it all to me; I'll pull the thing through.
I had your telegram, she began hurriedly.
I hope so, Miss Thurwell, he said quietly.
I thought it could not be you, she answered.
How do you think it came about?
Mr. Levy, junior, shrugged his shoulders.
Quite in the ordinary course, he answered.
Yes, I understand that, she said.
At once, she answered, drawing off her glove.
Tell me about it, please, she begged.
I can't tell you more at present.
Thank you, she answered, dropping her veil.
Round at the Golden Sun, if wanted.
Then Mr. Benjamin looked across at his father.
I think I am, Benjamin replied modestly.
He had been at once its interpreter and its guide.
It was all there, written in letters of fire.
Not unfrequently the one becomes the other.
Not so the love of Bernard Maddison.
To Bernard Maddison it had been so.
CHAPTER XXXVIII THERE IS MY HAND.
I have brought Mr. Dewes with me, he said at last.
He wants to see you about the defence, you know.
At Mr. Thurwell's words, a change came.
I have nothing to add to my previous decision.
I think you will do well to accept my services.
In the present case I shall not do so.
Just consider it yourself, only for a moment.
The dagger is proved to be yours.
You hold your fate in your own hands.
Now he felt that that he could do so no longer.
He was forced to admit it at last.
He felt that he must get away as soon as possible.
I do not ask you to believe it.
Shall I tell her anything from you?
A faint smile parted his tremulous lips.
At that moment he was beyond earthly suffering.
The law of England shall not make me.
If they do, they cannot open my lips.
She would not even glance at the name on the card.
The girl curtsied and disappeared.
Oh, that Marco had been in the house!
Mr. Benjamin said, with unaccustomed bluntness.
Mrs. Martival trembled, and sank into a chair.
Mr. Benjamin followed up his advantage.
I have no connection with them.
Something in Mrs. Martival's face checked him.
What if she were to be ill--too ill to be moved!
The very thought made him restless and uneasy.
I do not wish to force myself upon her, he said.
I do not wish to be troublesome in any way.
Very well, she said; wait outside.
The woman withdrew, and closed the door.
For a moment there was silence.
In my own mind, I am certain that it is.
I want you to come to England with me.
Yet he made no movement toward it.
Like a flash it stood glaringly out before him.
Had it really ever satisfied him?
A great weariness crept in upon him.
But no one could read what passed between them.
She moved forward to cross the road.
He caught hold of her arm in sudden fear.
You mustn't think of it, he exclaimed.
He stood on the pavement, fuming.
Already she was half across the road.
he muttered to himself angrily.
The game's getting exciting, at any rate, he added.
Sir Allan himself was the last to arrive.
Looks as though he's had a shock.
Can't remember who it is, though.
Plenty of people have noticed that.
There is a likeness, certainly.
Lord Lathon assented; I never noticed it before.
I rise to prevent this for two reasons.
Several murmurs for an explanation arose.
A sudden awed gloom fell upon the party.
The general bewilderment increased.
Very few words will tell my story.
That man, gentleman, was Sir Geoffrey Kynaston.
There was a subdued murmur of astonishment.
Every one's interest was suddenly redoubled.
From bad, things grew to worse.
What I had dreaded came to pass.
Everyone's eyes were fixed upon him.
But meet him face to face I could not.
I had nothing to fear, Sir Allan continued.
Then, for the first time, my son sought me.
From that time he commenced to watch me.
I stole back to the edge and looked out.
Blank horror seemed to hold them all speechless.
The gentleman must wait, Nillson, he answered.
I went back to my son's cottage.
Just as I was leaving he entered.
What passed between us I need not mention.
Sir Philip Roden, I place myself in your hands.
The men recognized Sir Philip, and saluted.
The man advanced to him at once.
Never mind about the brandy, Sir Philip.
These people from Scotland Yard need not wait.
The footman who answered the door looked dubious.
The lady was to be shown to her room at once.
She advanced a little into the room and spoke.
Sir Allan Beaumerville has bidden me come to you.
Yes, yes, I have read it, she answered quickly.
Is it anything that will prove his innocence?
Helen gave a great cry and sank into a low chair.
Her whole frame was shaken with passionate sobs.
By and by Helen looked up and started to her feet.
I had almost forgotten; I am so sorry, she said.
You ask me who I am, she said softly.
Helen sank back upon her chair, perfectly helpless.
This thing was too much for her to grasp.
Helen sat quite still for a moment.
Suddenly she sprang to her feet.
She was trembling from head to foot.
Helen was scarcely less agitated.
Her voice seemed to come from a great distance.
Why did he do that horrible thing?
Mine was the fault, mine the guilt.
There were no words between them then.
It is already done, her visitor answered.
Almost she had counted herself forgiven.
But in a moment or two she continued.
I have seen and spoken with my husband.
On his table he showed me signed papers.
This night, he said, I take my leave of the world.
Thank God, he forgave me, and I him.
He bade me come here, and I have come.
You are his mother, she said softly.
The truth has come out, he said gravely.
To-morrow Bernard will be free.
Helen, be prepared for a great surprise.
he answered in an agitated tone.
Helen fell upon her knees by the side of the sofa.
Mr. Thurwell started, and moved forward.
Mr. Thurwell hesitated only for a moment.
Then his face filled with compassion.
God help her; he said solemnly.
I will send the women up to you, and a doctor.
The languorous hour of noon was still far off.
Yet she would not have them stay for the end.
She had bidden them go, and the hour had come.
Yet she was sending them away from her.
And now her summons had come, and she was ready.
They all looked at her in a sudden awe.
Then they turned their faces toward England.
* * * * * And in England they were happy.
And in the midst of it all he found time to write.
Love had fulfilled upon him its great office.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
THE CHILD AND THE FLOWER-ELF 55.
THE TWO LULLABIES THE FIRST HYMN.
And what has happened, sir, amiss?
Jump down this minute from the chair!
You've eaten my nice slice of bread.
[Illustration: Letter N.] No, Robbie!
[Illustration] We've the dearest baby sister!
[Illustration] THE LITTLE BEGGAR-GIRL.
how fast she goes Across the river wide!
[Illustration: Letter G.] God sees me always.
[Illustration] THE ARK AND THE DOVE.
[Illustration] THE PLEASANT WORLD.
What shall I do for him, mamma?
[Illustration] THE STORY OF MOSES.
[Illustration: Letter O.] O Mother!
here's the organ-man, And here's the monkey, too!
How soft and white and shining!
[Illustration] THE WRONG STORY.
[Illustration] THE CHILD'S QUESTION.
How do the flowers grow, mamma?
[Illustration: Letter O.] O George!
Little children, Can you tell me who am I?
[Illustration] GIVE US THIS DAY OUR DAILY BREAD.
[Illustration] [Illustration] THE FISHERS.
[Illustration: Letter S.] Silence!
How beautiful must be that road!
Why did you weep when brother died?
[Illustration] A SONG FOR MAY MORNING.
The sun peeps up behind the hills, And hark!
[Illustration] THE CHILD AND THE FLOWER-ELF.
[Illustration] THE TWO LULLABIES.
And suddenly he whispered, What music sweet I hear!
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
The replaced older file is renamed.
Expression is the test of the pupil's knowledge.
Drawing teaches the child how to see well.
Only reasonable accuracy should be required.
Lay your hands upon your desk, side by side.
Which side shall we call the right side?
That part is the back of your desk.
Think which is the front of your desk.
Put your hands on the front of your desk.
If I should ask, Which is the way to your home?
Point to the place where you saw the sun rise.
Point to where you saw the sun set.
The west is just the opposite direction from east.
What is the name of this direction?
What is the name of this direction?
On which side of the schoolroom does the sun rise?
Which is the east side of your desk?
You are now facing the _north_.
The direction behind you is the _south_.
Which is the north side of the schoolroom?
In what direction do the pupils face?
In what direction is your home from the school?
The nearest church from the school?
The post office from your home?
These seven stars are called the Dipper.
HOW THE COMPASS SHOWS DIRECTION.
How can we tell direction then?
LESSON V. QUESTIONS ON DIRECTION.
If I go out of doors, how can I find the north?
How can I find it on a starlight night?
How can I find it on pleasant days?
How does a sailor find the north?
Point to where ice and snow have their home.
In what direction does your shadow fall at sunrise?
When, during the day, is your shadow shortest?
How can we tell when it is noon?
When is the sun highest in the sky?
What does a vane on a steeple tell us?
Whichever way the wind doth blow.
_Write_ all that you can tell about the wind.
Your ruler is twelve inches long, that is a foot.
Three lengths of your ruler make a yard.
A yard stick is three feet long.
A mile is much longer than a yard.
How long would it take you to walk that distance?
How many inches long is your slate?
How many feet long is your room?
What is the distance around the room?
How many feet wide is each window?
How many yards wide is the nearest street or road?
About what is the height of the schoolroom?
Do you know how many blocks or squares make a mile?
Name the nearest river or creek.
Give its direction from the school.
In what direction does the water run?
What must you know to go to any place?
But do you know what a plan is?
You see, the plan and picture are quite different.
We have now a _plan_ of the schoolroom.
In which direction does the building face?
In what part of the building is your room?
In what direction is the school from your home?
How long does it take you to walk to school?
Draw a plan of the schoolroom on your slates.
Then decide to what scale you will draw your plan.
Now draw a plan of the schoolhouse and grounds.
Is a plan the same as a picture?
Mention some things of which plans can be drawn.
The floor of our schoolroom is level.
The playground is almost, if not quite, level.
In the summer it is a vast sea of waving grass.
But we are so thirsty and tired!
No water to drink, no shade from the burning sun!
When do we say land is fertile?
Find a picture of a palm tree, and try to draw it.
Such a company is called a _caravan_.
It is sometimes called the ship of the desert.
Why do travelers use camels to cross the desert?
You have seen a small whirlwind in the street.
Now think of a wind-storm in the desert.
A loud, rustling noise is heard.
The land is not always level like a plain.
In some places it is high and uneven.
Is there a hill near where you live?
Which part of a hill is called the base, or foot?
Give two names for the lowest part of a hill.
Mountains are much higher than hills.
Have you ever seen a steeple one hundred feet high?
How high the mountains must be!
Some mountains reach away above the clouds.
Their white tops seem to touch the sky.
When it lightened he saw the flash far below him.
Is it warm or cold at the tops of mountains?
What do you call the ground on either side?
Yes, hills and mountains are of very great use.
They make the earth more beautiful.
Think of a real hill while you mold.
The water gets hot and boils away.
The water is changed, but it is not destroyed.
Coal burns, but we do not get rid of it altogether.
What is the water changed into?
Moisten your slate with a damp sponge.
Observe the disappearance of the moisture.
Dip your hand in water, and wave it in the air.
The water on your hand disappears.
What becomes of the water in the clothes?
Has it all sunk into the ground?
Why does vapor rise into the air?
Because it is lighter than air.
Hold a cold plate over boiling water.
Why does it sometimes run down on the cold pane?
What takes place among the little drops of mist?
What becomes of these larger drops?
Does it come through the pitcher from the inside?
_Write_ out what you have learned about vapor.
Some of it quickly changes back into water.
Now, where do these drops come from?
If the night is quite cold, the dew will freeze.
Have you ever seen snowflakes through a microscope?
Snow keeps the roots of plants warm.
Have you ever seen a brook or creek?
Is there a brook or river near here?
where the water conies from that fills it?
The spring is the beginning of a river.
Where did the water go after leaving the spring?
This little stream is called a _rill_.
At last, it finds its way into the ocean.
Where a river begins is its _source_.
The land over which it flows is its _bed_.
Where does the water come from?
In what direction does it flow?
Why does it flow in such direction?
Does it flow into the ocean, or into another river?
Draw the tall grass and plants that grow near it.
Write the names of all the rivers you have seen.
The source of a river is where it begins.
Let us have another chat about the river.
We will begin our journey at its source.
Tributaries are often called _branches_.
Let us now go further down the stream.
Here we see it rushing rapidly down a steep slope.
Such places in the river are called _rapids_.
Can you tell why they are so called?
It has now reached a high ledge of rock.
Over this it leaps, making a great foam and noise.
The water moves slower and slower.
At length it flows through an almost level country.
Do you know why it is crooked and winding?
Soon our pretty brooklet To the sea has run.
Notice what happens when it rains.
Notice how muddy this loose soil makes the water.
What becomes of this loose soil, or mud?
Put in a handful of mud from the nearest stream.
Shake the jar, and the water is muddy.
When does the load of mud it carries settle?
You have seen a river overflow its banks.
Some are quite smooth and round.
They were not always so, but had sharp edges.
Do you know what made them round?
Splash comes a drop on a leaf just opposite him.
We, of course, grew lighter, lighter than the air.
Up, up we rose into the bright blue sky.
Then we huddled close together to get warm.
It droops its head As if in weary pain.
It always looks so fresh and green after a shower.
But, tell me, what became of _you_?
Perhaps we shall meet again some day.
What is meant by My nurse the April showers?
It also shows how far places are from one another.
Here is a map showing mountains and rivers.
If you do, you will learn very little of geography.
Is there a pond near where you live?
Would you not like to sail on a lake?
Here is a picture of a pretty lake in a valley.
This river we call the _outlet_ of the lake.
Represent its inlet and outlet.
Such a little piece of land is called an _island_.
Did you ever read the story of Robinson Crusoe?
Opposite is a picture of a river and a lake.
MORE ABOUT FORMS OF LAND AND WATER.
This form of land is called a _peninsula_.
The word peninsula means _almost an island_.
How would you change this peninsula to an island?
You will easily remember that little word.
[Illustration: MAP OF A STRAIT.] LESSON XXVII.
We wanted to climb one very much.
In one corner we put some towels.
The trees were smaller, and there were many bushes.
cried Fred, as we reached the top.
exclaimed I. Yes, that is a lake, said father.
I can see an island in the lake, said Fred.
Vessels are sailing all round it.
Are all islands small, like that?
No, replied father, that is a peninsula.
It is land almost surrounded by water.
The strait separates the island from the mainland.
Tell of springtime bright and fair.
said the sunshine, and creep to the light.
said the voice of the raindrops bright.
Which is the most useful garden vegetable?
Which makes the choicest flour?
Some kinds of wheat are sown in the spring.
Winter wheat is sown in the fall.
What color does the wheat turn as it ripens?
When it is ripe what is done with it?
For what is the flour of wheat used?
Indian corn is one of the most useful of plants.
Do you know why it is called Indian corn?
How is the land prepared for planting?
What are the flowers on the stalk of corn called?
On what do the grains of corn grow?
What use is made of the green stalks and leaves?
What use is made of the ripe grain?
For what are corn-husks largely used?
Name some trees upon which grow things to eat.
What makes it hard to pick blackberries?
Name fruits that grow about here.
Mention the different uses of these fruits.
It grows only in the warmer parts of our country.
The blossoms are white, and are very beautiful.
What kinds of food are best in cold countries?
Do any fruit trees grow in very cold countries?
What kinds of food are best in hot countries?
What plant supplies us with much of our clothing?
Name articles of clothing made of cotton.
Did you ever see a field of cotton?
The first thing is to separate it from its seed.
This is done by a machine called a cotton-gin.
There is another plant from which clothing is made.
Do you know what plant linen is made from?
Linen comes from the flax plant.
A field of flax in bloom is a very pretty sight.
The flax does not grow in a pod like cotton.
Would such clothes be comfortable in hot countries?
The liquid is then boiled until it turns to sugar.
In the early spring the sap begins to rise.
More boiling turns the syrup into sugar.
In your walks what things please you the most?
Name some trees along the streets and in the parks.
Are they useful to us, especially on a hot day?
Then what kind of trees do we call them?
Which are the brightest in autumn?
Name some trees that grow in the woods.
What kind of wood are the desks made of?
What kinds of wood are used in making chairs?
From which trees do we get lumber for building?
What do we call many trees together, like these?
What do we plant when we plant the tree?
We plant the houses for you and me.
What do we plant when we plant the tree?
A thousand things that we daily see.
How many flowers can you mention by name?
Where would you go to find them?
Would you find them all growing in the same place?
Which can live only in wet places?
Which would you like for your flower vase?
Perhaps you will commit them to memory.
Where is Winter with his snowing?
Then she answers, He is going, Going on his way.
WHAT IS NECESSARY TO MAKE PLANTS GROW.
Plants do not grow in hot places called deserts.
Can yon think of any reason for this?
What two things are necessary to make plants grow?
At what time of the year can they get these?
How do you suppose the trees grow there?
Of some vegetables that we use for food.
Of two plants from which clothing is made.
Of woods used in making furniture.
Of woods used in building our houses.
Oh, gentle, gentle summer rain!
Which of these animals feed upon grass?
What use does the cat make of its claws?
How does a cat's paw differ from a dog's?
What use does the duck make of its broad flat bill?
The owl, of its sharp hooked bill?
How do the bills of the hen and the duck differ?
For what does each use its feet?
What kind of feet has the sheep?
For what are its feet only used?
Name two animals covered with fur.
What do we call the covering of a sheep?
Of what use is hair to animals?
Are the feathers of the hen so covered?
What domestic animals are used for food?
What wild animals are used for food?
What birds and fowls are used for food?
From what animal do we get wool?
How is wool taken from the sheep?
What articles of dress are made of wool?
From what animals do we get furs?
Almost every part of the cow is made use of.
You may have seen a dog called the St. Bernard.
He is large, with long curly hair.
Which is the most useful animal to man?
_Write the names:_ Of animals useful for food.
Of animals useful to us for clothing.
Of birds and fowls used for food.
What does it mean when berries are ripe?
When butterflies flit, and honeybees hum?
These we must find and dig out.
One of the most useful of minerals is _coal_.
Hardly any labor can be done without coal.
That is called soft or bituminous coal.
From which kind is gas obtained, hard or soft coal?
What article used with food is found in mines?
Does all _salt_ come out of the mines?
How is the salt made that is not found in mines?
Some minerals are called metals.
Iron is the most useful of all metals.
Many little things are made of steel.
Which is the most valuable of all metals?
Is all the gold made into money?
Name articles of ornament made of gold.
What do you call the man who makes these articles?
Are silver articles usually made of pure silver?
Sometimes they are dug out of the ground.
A tin cup is really made of iron.
It is so soft that it can be cut with a knife.
It is used in making shot, and water pipes.
The drops fall into a vessel of water below.
Copper is softer than iron, but harder than lead.
Cooking vessels are often made of copper.
Brass is made by mixing copper and zinc together.
Mention some articles made of brass.
Write five or more lines about coal.
MORE ABOUT THINGS FOUND IN THE EARTH.
There are also many kinds of stone.
What a beautiful clean surface when polished!
Are houses ever built of granite?
Can you think of other uses of granite?
Why is granite used for these purposes?
It is hard enough to give strength.
It will crumble more easily than granite.
Can you tell how the lime is made?
Here are three pieces of _marble_.
Marble is beautiful when polished.
What parts of furniture are sometimes marble?
Is marble ever used for building houses?
Do you think it would be good for that purpose?
_Chalk_ is a variety of limestone.
Could it be used as a building stone?
Is chalk harder or softer than other stone?
What part of a house is sometimes slate?
Why is it useful for these purposes?
Have you ever seen a brick-yard?
What are some of the uses of bricks?
What is the man called who builds houses of bricks?
Is glass taken out of a mine or quarry?
In laying brick or stone, the mason uses _mortar_.
Mortar is made chiefly of lime.
If possible, visit mines and quarries.
[Illustration: WIGWAMS.] A wigwam?
What building is now going up in this place?
Where and how are they obtained?
Where does the food we eat come from?
Wheat, corn, peas, and beans are seeds of plants.
Almost all our bread is made from wheat.
Beets, turnips, and radishes are roots of plants.
Lettuce and cabbage are the leaves of plants.
Plants also supply us with material for clothing.
From milk we make butter and cheese.
Animals also supply us with clothing.
Many articles of dress are made of wool.
Shoes and kid gloves are made of leather.
Those animals are called stock.
Which land does the farmer use for pasture?
Grazing means feeding on grass.
What animals have you seen grazing?
What are the dangers of coal-mining?
If necessary, your teacher will help you.
Name some forest trees that grow near your home.
The sea yields much that we eat.
Name some fishes found in fresh water.
We need many things which we do not produce.
Other people need things which they do not produce.
How can each obtain what he needs?
By exchanging one thing for another.
Which occupation would you prefer?
Some people among the mountains work in the mines.
All people do not live in the same way.
What do people who live in this way eat?
How does the farmer make his living?
Where does he sell the things which he raises?
What are the chief occupations of the people?
Do they work in shops or mills or factories?
Name some mills or factories in or near your city.
What manufactured articles are in the schoolroom?
What kinds of goods are sold in the stores?
Where did the things in these stores come from?
Which were brought from other places?
What railroads or canals are in the city?
What do the boats or railroads take away?
Miners dig _______________ out of the earth.
Quarrymen dig ___________ from the quarries.
Merchants buy and sell __________.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
The replaced older file is renamed.
Why couldn't she look at him like that?
There was little sentimentality about the Forsytes.
He could hardly see; his smile quavered.
Those in favour signify the same in the usual way.
Certainly Uncle Jolyon had a way with him!
You probably don't agree with me!
He caught her wrist; she wrenched it away.
With those words she fled upstairs.
Love has no age, no limit; and no death.
Could beauty be confided to him?
It was their great distraction: To wait!
What fate could compare with that?
The soundless footsteps on the grass!
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark.
U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
THE RIDDLE OF THE CIRCULAR COUNTERS 32 IV.
THE DEATH-TRAP IN THE TUDOR ROOM 102 VIII.
THE MYSTERY OF CROSS ROADS FARM 120 IX.
THE AFFAIR OF THE STOLEN GOLD 195 XIII.
THE STRANGE AFFAIR OF THE FLORENTINE CHEST 258 XVI.
Perhaps we may help each other.
The doctor said he had been dead some hours.
The room was exactly as we saw it.
Some curious points in it, I said.
I was glad when the old fellow had shuffled off.
Might he not have left the house by the window?
I had put the same question to myself.
I did not, although I had him watched.
Perhaps, but it may be something more.
From first to last I am puzzled.
Are you here as a spy or to ask for help?
You are a young man with much to learn.
In this case I am beaten so far, and I come to you.
The old man rubbed his head through his skull-cap.
Mr. Wigan does not mean that, dear, said Zena.
The professor shook his head doubtfully.
Crime as crime does not interest me.
My methods are not those of a detective.
It is quite true, not a compliment, said the girl.
First, the dead man, Quarles went on.
Did you particularly notice his eyes?
Then the little boxes; did you count them?
And the last one was unopened; did you open it?
Did you notice the nineteenth box?
You think the thieves were disturbed?
No. Then why didn't they take the sapphire?
By the way, is the stone still at Scotland Yard?
He didn't, Quarles answered shortly.
My theory had three points, you see.
I have said something about my methods.
I began to look for facts to support my theory.
You remember the cook-housekeeper?
Both are families above suspicion, I answered.
Rather curiously, he did not like Mr. Ratcliffe.
There is no telling what damage an amateur may do.
His dislike was a solid fact, said Quarles.
Many detectives would have been.
Two Chinese gentlemen boarded there, I was told.
You do not know Tibet, Mr. Wigan?
The professor rose abruptly from his chair.
If I did the spade work, the deductions were his.
There were many fantastic answers to the question.
One point, however, impressed me.
Is this wood you mention of any great extent?
Any traces that the head was carried to the wood?
And where would that ditch lead him?
There was a moon that night, wasn't there?
With the head in it, she answered.
That's another good point, Wigan, chuckled Quarles.
Quarles looked at me inquiringly.
One or two doubtful places I had dug up.
Nearly the same date as the English one, said Zena.
Two years intervening, I returned.
An outlandish one which would make you laugh.
No, no; I do not like being laughed at.
Wait, he said when I began to question him.
We are going to find out if it is.
The next afternoon he arranged a drive.
It's a deal nearer as the crow flies.
You need not wait for us, driver.
My friend and I are going to walk back.
The coachman pocketed his money and drove away.
A few hours will settle it one way or the other.
We're trespassers, but we must take our chance.
Should we meet anyone, blame me.
I do sometimes, he said, tapping his pocket.
Your life is likely to depend upon it.
The way we had come seemed the only way into it.
this looks promising, Quarles said suddenly.
I think the shed is climbable, said Quarles.
I am not so young as I was, so help me up.
It was not much help he wanted.
In a few moments we were on the roof.
We'll go carefully, said Quarles.
There may be worse than poachers traps here.
As I expected, said Quarles, with some excitement.
We must get onto the veranda for a moment.
I think we are alone here, but keep your ears open.
The shed was evidently used sometimes.
We'll get away quickly, said Quarles.
The professor's sense of direction was marvelous.
He led the way without hesitation.
Someone was coming, and with no particular stealth.
I heard him moving about for some time.
Then there was a light and sudden tiny flames.
From our new point of view I looked again.
The fire flickered lower and went out.
whispered Quarles, as I started up to go after him.
I found such a man in Sir Henry Buckingham.
I told you I was not certain of my theory.
Yet his history coincided with my theory.
You know nothing about him, I suppose?
Was among those hanging over the fire.
I am going back to London by the midday train.
I questioned Sir Joseph about his papers.
Did Sir Joseph Maynard burgle his own house?
Sir Joseph's standing is very high.
she said, turning toward her grandfather.
I wonder, Wigan--is that the clew?
The counters were in a heap, I said.
No, that would have scattered them more.
Did that strike you as significant?
Several cigarette-ends were on the floor.
Again there were cigarette-ends among the debris.
The unexpected has happened, I said.
No, I hold to the one man theory.
But it made me ask myself a question.
Had the thief found what he was looking for?
It might implicate Sir Joseph, it might not.
That is why I said we must wait.
The thief has tried again--twice.
But those counters have inspired me.
Should I be likely to forget so important a point?
It means that opportunity has been lacking.
We may be too late, but I hope not.
You have shown it in this case.
So we waited--waited all night, in fact.
By arrangement, the house retired to rest early.
The next moment he almost trod upon me.
He was middle-aged, well groomed, decently dressed.
If a drawer were locked, he pried it open.
Every drawer he emptied on to the floor.
Some of the contents he hardly looked at.
Indeed, most of the contents did not interest him.
I had not heard a sound in the house, but he had.
The handle was turned, and the door began to open.
The next five seconds were full of happenings.
Then I shouted: Back for your life!
Immediately there was a sharp report.
Do you know what he was looking for, Wigan?
We might have missed much that was interesting.
The counters, Wigan, they were the clew.
That was my first question, as I told you.
He did, and visited two other doctors.
That gives the explanation, I think, said Quarles.
And when we come to the brain, great heavens!
No wonder we so often make a mess of it.
Grandfather does not know I have sent for you.
For the last three days he has not left his room.
We are wrong, she said decisively.
Energy returned to him suddenly, and he sat up.
I handed him a pencil and a writing-block.
The rope looked as if it had been broken.
Three times he has visited me, said Quarles.
The second time was when the lamp was lighted.
The door opened, and he entered.
And what is the meaning of this--this broken rope?
I said, pointing to the drawing.
and he looked at the paper closely.
I was soon convinced of my error.
Quarles's drawing was the portrait of a real man.
The portrait of him, Professor, is a good one.
There is one child, three years old.
The church clock struck as he came in.
Her master expected him to supper.
She was always a light sleeper.
Everything else seems to point to his guilt.
He admits that the life-preserver belonged to him.
Nothing but this silver salver was missing.
Quarles had not interrupted me.
She slept at the back of the house, I returned.
The house isn't isolated, is it?
No; the family had drifted apart.
I am simply stating what came out in the evidence.
Was any provision made for Mrs. Ashworth in it?
I have a copy of the list given in the will.
Who witnessed the signature to the will?
A lawyer in Pershore and his clerk.
I think we must go to Birmingham, said Quarles.
I will see about that, I answered.
Are you sure Michael Hall is not guilty?
He might have bought them in London, I said.
I think it was Birmingham, said Quarles.
It was the third place we visited.
Yes; but, forgive me, why these questions?
I supposed you would have heard.
We are looking into his affairs, Quarles went on.
Is there any money owing to you?
exclaimed Baines, starting from his chair.
Do you mean for some treasured volume he possessed?
You think he may have had such a treasure, then?
I never heard of him, said Baines.
I wonder I did not see the case in the paper.
It caused little sensation, said Quarles.
Indeed, I have constantly acted as his banker.
I was not aware of that, Baines returned.
Mr. Eade's office is in West Street--No.
Not a bookworm like his uncle, eh?
That has been an interesting interview, Wigan.
What do you think of the bibliomaniac idea?
I suppose it goes to confirm your theory?
On the contrary, it was a new idea to me.
I think we will go to Pershore next.
I expect he is in his office in West Street.
Next morning we journeyed to Pershore.
It doesn't carry us very far, I said.
Just one step forward we may take.
The assistant described Hall fairly accurately.
He had pawned things before, hadn't he?
Why didn't he give his own name then?
That was the false name Hall used.
Next morning we went to Thornfield.
Quarles set him talking about the crime at once.
Is Mrs. Hall still in the village?
And Mrs. Ashworth, is she still here?
How long had she been with Mr. Parrish, constable?
Yes; before the village was awake.
What do you know about Mr. Parrish's nephew?
The old gentleman knew what he was buying.
The old gentleman had not read these books himself.
We've something better to do than find bank-notes.
I expect she is lying low in Birmingham.
I don't follow your line of reasoning, professor.
Only Mrs. Ashworth could establish that fact.
Now the missing volumes give us the link we want.
I don't think it was Mrs. Ashworth.
Charles Eade; but I do not think he is his nephew.
Is it not only natural they should be?
The Kew mystery was a case in point.
It was half-past nine when the telephone bell rang.
Their knock was not answered very promptly.
They entered to find the room empty.
Mrs. Fitzroy was not in the house.
The servant knew nothing about the telephone call.
Shall we find Constable Baker at the house?
Yes; I have arranged that, I answered.
A clock struck while we were standing on the steps.
And the dining-room door was shut?
You searched the house for Mrs. Fitzroy?
Have you just come from the police station?
No. I have reported one or two points, said Baker.
Now let us look at the dining-room.
Nothing has been moved, I suppose.
Some ash is on the writing-table, too.
We progress, Wigan; we progress.
I hardly saw where our progression came in.
Yes, very interesting, said Quarles.
What do you make of this cigarette?
You are observant, Quarles remarked.
Shall we have the servant in, Wigan?
You did not go by the garden gate last night?
Did Mrs. Fitzroy have many visitors?
I believe she had no relations.
Where has she gone on these occasions?
And her correspondence--was it large?
Did she use the telephone much?
That seems conclusive, said Quarles.
Yesterday was Wednesday, your night out?
Is Wednesday always your night out?
Very interesting, said the professor.
You had better go with the young woman, Baker.
Once or twice a week she was out all day.
The servant's night out is Wednesday.
Theories, he corrected; there are many.
Thank you; that helps us very much.
I don't think you can help us any more at present.
Why was the police station rung up at all?
That is my answer to the question.
No, Wigan; we'll look everywhere else first.
Still I do not expect to find Mrs. Fitzroy's body.
Time is precious now, Wigan, said the professor.
I don't think so, said Quarles.
What time does it grow dark now, constable?
I want to think the matter out before dark.
They are hanging about in Melbury Avenue.
Come along, let's get the men together.
The cellars, Wigan, he whispered.
I think it will be the cellars.
There is no doubt, said another man.
Besides, I am not one of you, said the woman.
It's a lie, came the hissing reply.
They were unprepared, that was our salvation.
The other two rushed upon us with knives.
No, Wigan, no, he said, in reply to my question.
And not for the first time, eh, Wigan?
Yet this case has been worked upon facts chiefly.
So much for theory, now for facts.
You remember the cigarette end?
And foreign, said Quarles; Spagnolette Nationale.
You heard me ask Baker what time it grew dark.
I had something to do then, but much to do first.
She did not know what was the matter.
Mrs. Jardine was dead upon her bed.
She had heard no noise in the night.
Was she on good terms with Mrs. Jardine?
Where did Mrs. Harrison come from?
I think she answered the mistress's advertisement.
So she got this elderly companion.
Mrs. Harrison had friends, I suppose?
I can't call to mind that she ever did.
I fancy she was one of the lonely sort.
A talk with her nephew should prove interesting.
I have not brought the check--at present.
Is the old girl willing to come to terms?
